(xNKjIktegMyHVSXFznJTRg,Truly the best massage of my life!  I got a 90 minute combination Thai and deep tissue and I felt like a new person when I left!  I had a lot of stress built up in my muscles and back.  I plan to go every week when I am in Las Vegas!  Kori was also a super helpful and friendly receptionist making the entire experience a truly amazing positive experience! Excellent burgers, homemade onion rings, make sure to stop at the sports bar for amazing Alaskan beer on draft! Excellent service, nice decor with panoramic beautiful views, great wine list, Caesars salad, breadsticks with olive oil/balsamic vinegar and lasagna were awesome!  Great value at only 70 dollars with bottle of Oregon Pinot noir! Great bowling alley but bar service needs to be better and use glass pitchers and chilled glass for the beer, plastic is cheap and terrible what they charge! Damon is awesome server and Italian sausage with onions large pizza is beyond amazing!  Barbera red wine from Italy is phenomenal for only 28 a bottle! Beyond amazing service and friendly servers, great pasta and wine!  Best value in the Venetian! I must say after my prior review the managers and owners of Gaudin contacted me and worked very hard to resolve all problems.  They would pick up the car for repairs and return it to me which saved me a lot of time and hassle.  They have finally resolved the issues and the car is the most awesome in style, performance, comfort, sound system, etc for this price range, far superior to Mercedes, BMW, Maserati, etc. Truly the best think crust pizza on the planet!  Blows away Pizza Hut, Dominoes and Pappa Johns.  A 14 inch will feed about four people.  Also incredible chicken wings, antipasto salad and angel hair pasta with marinara.  Nice to be able to order delivery from a place that has more than just pizza and wings! Very nice but very expensive drinks, about double to triple what they should charge.  The dueling piano players are awesome and start at 9 PM. The Wynn and Encore are two of the nicest hotels/resorts in Las Vegas.  The Wynn Ferrari dealer is amazing, I bought my 2010 Ferrari California off the showroom and they treat you like family, Rich and Tony are beyond amazing!  The negative is the high prices for drinks and food at the bars/restaurants, I guess you do get what you pay for! Moj was beyond awesome, I highly recommend her to any man wanting awesome hairstyle for a very reasonable $25.   Awesome family owned restaurant with natural grass fed steaks, amazing martinis and great prices combined with great service.  All those people giving those insanely overpriced restaurants good reviews at the Wynn, Encore, etc need to seriously take a short trip off the strip to Elements for far superior food, service and value! Awesome avocado oil and huckleberry clear vinegar combination I custom created!  Great wine selection!  Very nice owner!  Amazing gifts! Service was great, thin crust pizza awesome and good red wine for $8 per glass.  One pizza feeds one person for 13-20 cost range plus drinks and a salad or appetizer.  The creamy mozzarella plus pesto was excellent and enough for two to share for $11.  Food quality, service and atmosphere are far superior than a Pizza Hut or typical pizza place and yes you pay more!  I would recommend to them a kids pricing menu with games for $5 range and a family feeds four couple of pizzas and salads and appetizers for around $40. Absolutely fantastic service and phenomenal best soup ever I ordered the Pho Ga chicken with broccoli and bok choy added!  Super cool atmosphere with good music and comfortable seating. Very nice family owned and authentic, great food, awesome service and very pleasant atmosphere far superior to the other option just down the road.  Prices very reasonable at $6 - 10 per entree, I will return! Truly one of the nicest hotels and resorts in the world.  World class dining at T-Bones, incredible buffet at excellent value (make sure to sign up for the players card for lower buffet price) and the weluvlocals website for coupon offers.  Also excellent movie theater and bowling alley.  I also seem to win more than I lose at Blackjack there!  Red Rock is truly one stop dining, recreation and living! Great service, authentic Mexican atmosphere with huge variety of Mexican beers and margaritas including organic!  Prices are very reasonable, if you do not want rice and beans order ala carte and the prices are as low as $3.00 per item.  In fact chips, salsa and beans are free as appetizer.  This place is a great value!  My favorite items is a NY Strip with cheese enchilada and chili pepper strips.   Amazing quality of food that is far superior to chain restaurants, Ilios prepares their food fresh from scratch daily, I had the most amazing wild caught salmon there last night.  Service is excellent and food quality is 5 star for 3 star prices, excellent value.  Best food, service and atmosphere in Charlotte, NC!  I dine at the finest Zagat rated restaurants in the USA and I would rate Ilios Noche superior to the best Zagat rated in NY, Las Vegas and other major cities.   Thanks to Lamborghini of Las Vegas (this is a not accurate when they are based in Henderson!) I sold my 2010 Lamborghini 560-4 Spyder to a Lambo dealer in CA and I will never own another Lambo.  Terrible and arrogant sales manager basically laughed at me when I called him about a trade difference on a new Aventador LP-700 saying there was no market for my car and he did not have any Aventadors unless I paid him $80,000 over the already absurd list price of $400,000 range.  I own a new Ferrari California I bought from the Penske-Wynn Las Vegas dealer and Tony  the sales person and Rich the service manager are beyond awesome, opposite of these jerks.  Also the Ferrari is far superior compared to the Lambo with better dual clutch transmission, far nicer interior, vastly superior technology in the GPS, monitoring LCDS and far superior sound system plus a hard top conv for about the same price as my prior Lambo.  I will never sell or trade my Ferrari California but when I decide to buy another amazing sports car it will be a new Ferrari when they come out with a new model to blow away the Aventador! Excellent food and service, far superior to Benihana.  My favorite is Land and Sea with lobster, filet, scallops, fried rice, soup, salad and desssrt.  Great sake choices from Japan for only 20 a bootle.  Kids love food and chef entertainment.  Jennifer and her family are great owners and hosts. Go at happy hour after 10 PM and the prices are awesome with a good selection of wine and Italian food.  Service is great for a late night place!  Nice atmosphere and bar! Very nice mall with unique stores, excellent underground parking.   Excellent reverse happy hour at 9 pm with great wine and cocktail menu, awesome price fixe deals!  The Caesar salad, wild mushroom gnocchi and wild caught salmon! Great Ferrari dealer, I bought a new California from Tony off the showroom and I cannot wait until the new 458 convertible arrives.   If it was not for the Ferrari dealer I would rate it three at best, restaurants tend to be very overpriced there.  Also drinks insanely overpriced. Great service and amazing wine list, some as high as $20,000 but I chose an awesome Malbec called Andoro for $44!  The wild caught salmon was the best salmon in Las Vegas, I am spoiled with OR and WA fresh caught wild salmon and I must say this was as good, a first for Las Vegas.  Also healthy and taste side items such as asparagus with organic hazelnuts.  The french fries are the best period, not a close second out there.  I WILL BE BACK! Awesome place with great food and entertainment!  The sautéed mushrooms and shrimps, filet kabobs, hummus and dessert are awesome!  Great Moroccan wines! Excellent steaks, seafood and service!  Beautiful view of Las Vegas strip! Absolutely amazing chips with three different awesome salsas and beans complimentary, sampler appetizer platter is to die for if you get the beef taquitos and the steak fajitas are simply the best! Truly the most beautiful restaurant I have dined.  Breathtaking!  They also have excellent steaks and seafood.  I like the crab appetizer, they give you four times more crab versus a similar appetizer at STK Steakhouse at the Cosmo.  They also have Niman Ranch all natural grass fed steaks and pork, far healthier and more flavorful/tender compared to unhealthy corn fed full of antibiotic and hormone conventional beef! Beyond amazing food, wine and service!  Sean is beyond awesome server!  Asparagus/shiitake, smoked salmon, lamb tbone, potato and chocolate tart were all truly exceptional!  Spanish red wine for 27 a bottle is unbelievable great value! Very unique sci fi gifts and remote control saucers, helicopters and aircrafts, kids really enjoyed also! Nice friendly servers, great prices and very tasty Thai food with huge menu! Excellent steak, Black Tiger Shrimp plus amazing selection of sides free and unlimited free replenishment of sides!  Kid friendly, super service where they cook for you and super comfy booths. Excellent service, great wine list, awesome Caesars salad and lasagna!  Really good authentic Italian food and music in a prior Ruth Chris location. Awesome pizza and service by Cheyanne!  Good red wine for great value!  Awesome place open 24/7!  Great music!  Trifecta! Overall nice place with new and modern seats, screens and good service.  They need to serve a bigger food menu with some healthy options, also beer and wine would be nice. Great service and great prices if you have one of the fuel programs they accept and they will waive handling fees with purchase. Great, great place to spend a couple of hours, the kids enjoyed it also!  Wayne Gorsek Great variety of shops, dining and entertainment, my favorite shopping place in Las Vegas!  Check out the Variety show there, it was shockingly good.   Great 80s music with live band on Sat night, great beer sampler and the burger with pepper jack cheese and jalapenos was beyond awesome. Awesome burgers, onions rings and fat tire draft beer!  10% local discount and free fries with beer! Great service, awesome value lunch menu for 11 dollars with salad, potsticker and entree, red curry beyond amazing!  The best Thai in Las Vegas! Awesome food, service and wine at great value!  Julio is the best manager ever!  15 dollars for carafe of Italian wine is a great value! Beautiful views, amazing service and awesome food!  The four course tasting menu with lobster bisque soup, black cod, filet and two desserts is beyond awesome and large enough to share with another person!  This with bottle of wine was only $165 whereas some places in Vegas would charge you 500 - 600 and would not have the view nor quality of food and service! Jason and his assistant provided a free 2nd opinion after #1 Plumbing Heating and AC tried to charge me as much as $1,400 for an AC repair, they said everything was perfect and the part that the other company said needed replacing was perfect!  Finally a honest AC repair and maint company.  They also install new units.  Very progressional and sharp team that are clearly honest!  Before you allow another AC repair place rip you off for hundreds to thousands give them a chance! Truly one of the best steak and lobster restaurants in the world!  If you order a steak and lobster to share and ask them to present family style they do all the work and remove the lobster meat from shell and slice the steak into bite size strips, they so spoil you!  Awesome sides and wine selection. Excellent flavor of food that blows away chipotle, very fast service and great value! I was going to leave a one star review because they remove the trout and replaced it with awful, cheap and farm raised tilapia but the manager was very nice and also disagreed with the corporate decision and offered to source trout locally so for this reason I will give them a five star.  Good value and service also.  Filet is awesome. Excellent manager that is super friendly, she should should be promoted to CEO!  Great birthday 30 dollar gift credit!  Beautiful decor! Awesome sliders, heirloom tomatoes with burata cheese, padron peppers, cod and Spanish red wine!  Server is beyond super friendly and service awesomely fast!  Ask for Alejandro he is the best! Beyond awesome food with excellent service dining in or delivery!  Huge portions and a great value.  My favorites are the Tom Kha Gai soup (it is a meal!) or the black pepper steak.   They also have awesome brown rice as an option.  Linda the owner is beyond nice and remembers your orders which speeds up the order process to just seconds! Awesome wine list, salads included with entrees, amazingly low prices for pasta as low as 11 dollars, phenomenal quality of food with lasagna and angel hair pasta being my favorites plus free awesome homemade bread! Great drink selection including wines, great prices and good service!  The filet sliders are beyond awesome!   Awesome BBQ ribs with amazingly hot hot sauce!  You can share the largest size and on Tuesday night they are $5 of for $17.99.  The beans, slaw, corn and cornbread are great also!  Service has also been awesome two times now. Amazing food and service!  The waiters are beyond belief, excellent Pinot noir wine, super awesome heirloom tomato salad combined with a ménage trois filet, lobster tail abs jumbo shrimp! Excellent service, atmosphere and food!  Try the sliders, wood fired Brussel sprouts, beet salad, hummus and flatbed pizzas, I would rate all a 10!  Also try the vinebury cocktails for a spicy fun refreshing drink! Christine is amazing sever, manger very nice provided complimentary scallops and food beyond amazing!  Lobster samba rolls, tempura vegetables, red miso mushroom soup, shashito peppers, cucumber martinis and samba split are amazing! Best comedy show in Las Vegas, the worst was at the Rio!  Their wine selection is terrible, in fact their entire drink selection is terrible and needs to match what the bar in the casino can provide.  This is the only reason I did not give them five stars.  If you are local ask for locals discount, I think it was buy one get one free.  You must show NV ID, my pilots license worked, does not need to be a DL.   Truly the best fish in Las Vegas, the halibut piccata is beyond amazing!  The Caesar salad is excellent!  Service and atmosphere are 5 stars! Awesome Thai food, the Tom Kha chicken soup and curries are beyond amazing, I like spicy 8.   Excellent delivery with free drinks! Awesome service, nice atmosphere with great music, good NY Strip steak at great value with the fact two sides are included in the price, about half the price of other steak houses!  Great wine, cocktail and beer list! Awesome service, amazing happy hour and great variety of healthy choices!  My favorites are the steak toro, broccoli, corn, mushrooms and free sides! Truly the best Indian food at very reasonable prices!  Kwati soup, Tandoori Chicken and Saag Paneer half orders were plenty for two people to share! Amazing soup and rotisserie chicken!  Service awesome, owner is very nice and friendly and is from Peru!  Prices very reasonable! Excellent food and service, Tom Kha chicken soup beyond amazing! Awesome servers, great padron peppers, sliders, fries, steaks and infused martinis! Excellent food and service!  They have awesome Oregon Four Graces Pinot Noir wine  and the cod is awesome.  For a real treat try the steak with a little charcoal grill at your table.  Great birthday celebration place as they provide fireworks and free deserts. Awesome buckwheat pancakes with blueberries and I had them add walnuts!  Very healthy and delicious!  Amanda was awesome server! Amazing wine list for great value, stunning decor and awesome service combined with best mahi fish I have ever enjoyed! Absolutely amazing awesome healthy and delicious food!  The steak and mushrooms are incredible!  Phenomenal Oregon pinot noir wine!  I crave this place daily, hard to find healthy and delicious combined! Service has greatly improved!  Tommy is awesome manager and deserves kudos!  Great red wine from Sicily!  Caesars salad with anchovies is excellent! Best chili dogs in Las Vegas! Cheese fries are great!  Awesome place after enjoying the bands on Freemont! Excellent service and amazing food!  Tom kha soup, fresh rolls, panang curry and coconut ice cream! Beyond amazing flavor and quality of food, awesome buffet and excellent atmosphere with friendly service!  Best Indian food in Las Vegas! Service has been great lately, I wish they offered healthy organic pasta and sauces, the more I read about GMOs (genetically modified) foods the more I realize they are toxic for us.  Virtually all wheat, soybeans and food grown in America is GMO unless labeled organic or GMO free. Excellent hot spicy jerky and peanuts!  Free samples!  Locally made with no bad chemicals. Great service, selection and prices!  Do not get ripped off at those name brand furniture stores charging double or triple for stuff made in the same Chinese factories! Excellent comedians, friendly bar servers and great value in one of Las Vegas's most historic hotels.  The pictures on the walls as you enter comedy show are amazing showing the performers such as Rat Pack, Dean Martin, Liberace, Debbie Reynolds, Sammy Davis, Jr., Frank Sinatra and many more. Awesome tom kha soup, crab fried rice abs panang curry!  Friendly service and great value!! Awesome atmosphere, food and service!  Highly recommend the mamas beans and rice, crab cakes and artichoke dip with garlic bread!  Great wine list. Amelia was a beyond awesome server and food was great! Excellent happy hour that starts at 12:30 pm with 1.50 tacos Asian themed beef, tuna and salmon.   Excellent service, great Caesar salad, lasagna and spaghetti with meatballs.  The free bread with olive oil and balsamic vinegar is awesome!  Amazing Italian wines for 29 a bottle! Maria is awesome sever, chef and manager are super nice, they make you feel like family!  Best chips and salsa on planet make sure to ask for hot sauce it is amazing but deadly hot, I use just a drop with medium sauce! Awesome 5 stars for 1/4 the price of those rip off strip hotels!!  New favorite place 5 minutes from condo in Chinatown!  Super friendly chefs and server!  Loved the shitake, enoki, steak grilled, chicken grilled, shashito peppers and seared tuna! Great service and amazingly nice surroundings.  Locals get a special $50 price for mens hairstyle.  Christina is an super high quality and nice stylist , I will return to see her for my next hairstyle! Excellent quality of cars, drivers and reservation folks.  Far super to all others I have used in Las Vegas! Very cool place with album covers as decor and great rock music!  Awesome menu with unique pasta dishes and they have beer and wine. Beyond awesome service, chefs, food and atmosphere!  Great house infused sake free with yelp check in!  Steak and onion  plus maitake mushroom robata grill are spicy tuna tempura rolls impressive. Amazing place puts all others to shame!  Awesome food buffet that is 5 star quality!  Friendly staff!  Great wine! Take the power plant tour and spend some time in the new museum, very cool and kids enjoyed also!  Amazing history, reminds me of when America was great and a leader in the world versus the current disaster! Awesome server, ask for Billy!  Great chips and salsa with four types if you ask for the extra hot Diablo!  Fajitas with steak were excellent, rice and beans good. Amazing views, service and food!  Go for the tasting course, it is beyond awesome.  Great seafood and steaks!  Alize is far superior when compared to the poor service and overpriced Paris Eiffel tower competitor. Excellent ribs, Caesar Salad, fries, Gryo Platter and complimentary bread.  This is the most upscale and amazing diner I have ever visited, I will not normally eat at diners but this is the exception to the rule.  Service was excellent with two very friendly ladies that were as nice as could be to my son and I.  Very good wine list, they have my favorite 14 Hands Cabernet from Washington State.   Good food, Amanda is awesome server but lighting is awful. Sam is the most awesome general manager, before you buy anywhere give Sam and his team a chance! I have bought two new Yukons from him and they always provided far superior deals and when I wanted to sell they were the high bidder.  Super ethical and nice people. Year after year this place has excellent service, management and food!  Authentic 1970s old Las Vegas decor with real charcoal grills in middle of restaurant!  My favorite is the prime rib.  Ron the manager has been here forever as is awesome! Awesome dentists and hygienists, super friendly and excellent results.  Very good value and handle all insurance paperwork. Great service, awesome margaritas and good food!  Steak fajitas and pitcher of margarita only 48 dollars total!  Chips and salsa are the best ever!)
(k6vOe0_qglL2PZlBldoKeQ,omg, Omg, OMG!   I'll admit, I am a bit of a gypsy when it comes to nail salons.  I roam about the valley and when the mood strikes me, I will want a mani pedi (hence all the nail salon yelp reviews) so I go where ever is close at the time.  My salon wandering has come to an end now that I have found Biagio!  First off the place is immaculate, wonderful interior, clean and none of that chemical nail place smell.  This time I only got a pedi but was immediately was sat in a clean and new chair.  All the nail techs wear white smocks which is a nice professional touch so I don't have to stare at their bedazzled Baby Phat shirt.   Grimaldi's has always been one of my fav pizza places in the Valley.  I love how each location installs a water softener/filter to get their water just the way it is at the NYC location for the best pizza dough. The staff at Snyder and Wenner are passionate about helping those who have been harmed due to medical malpractice and are an asset to anyone looking for legal counsel.  They handle cases throughout the US but they are dedicated locally to the Phoenix area.  I would recommend them to anyone who questions the medical care they or a family member received. Went back for a pedi last night and it was great!  Got the sea salt and an added 15 minute leg massage for $35.  It was definitely worth the extra $$$. We were guests at the Tempe Buttes and decided to take in the full resort experience by dining at Top of the Rock.  I was able to make a reservation through Open Table (yay!) and added a simple request of a table with a view.  They were happy to accommodate us and we got a wonderful table right next to the NW facing windows.  TOR purchases locally for their ingredients and also gives a portion of the sales of specific items to local charities.  This place gets it. I have been wanting to try this place for years and finally had a chance to get here.  Being from the Midwest, I grew up with all sorts of Northern European dishes and Beaver Choice did not disappoint! I had forgotten how much I love Hobe Meats and was pleasantly reminded the other day.  Growing up in the Midwest, I am used to a butcher shop that cares about their cuts of meat as well as the quality and Hobe Meats does not disappoint in that regard! I test drove a car here during my car search and had a pleasant experience.  The salesman was pleasant, conversational, and also gave me my driver's license once he made a copy of it instead of holding it hostage.  He also apologized for the dirty exterior.  PHX had had a haboob and rain all day so there was no way the dealership could wash all the cars in that short of time but it was a nice touch that the agent that helped me took the time to acknowledge the issue.    I have dreams about Tacos Atoyac and they are the types of dreams you don't talk about.  I used to work close by to TA so I would come at least once a week to have lunch.  The Owner was always behind the register and always remembered my order (1 fish taco and an Oaxacan Hot dog).  He even remembered how I like my food (no tomatoes, no jalapenos, no side of grilled onions/peppers). I love me a good burger and 5 guys doesn't disappoint.  The burgers are ok for the price but the fries are a MUST order.  A regular order can feed 2-3 people because they don't skimp.  As a whole I would give this place 3 stars but they earned a 4th start for their online ordering system.  No waiting in line for this gal! Grabbed one of their bacon and egg Squarz at the Ahwatukee Farmers market and I wish I would have grabbed 10.  The filling was a little dry but the pastry was just plain delicious, the right combo of flaky and buttery.  I love that they deliver, have a brick and mortar restaurant, have frozen take home, AND hit up the Farmers Market.  All the ways to get my Squarz fix! The Ahwatukee Farmers Market, while smaller than other markets, is a great addition to the 'Tuk!  Selection depends on the day so I suggested coming multiple times.  Vendors pick and choose which days they want to set up shop so the line up is consistently changing. I live down the street from Scratch Pastries and LOVE their food.  I haven't sampled everything on their menu but recommend the Quiches, which size wise are big enough to share.  Their mushroom soup is awesome too, just make sure you aren't in a hurry if you order it because it does take some time as they make it as ordered.  Their house dressing is very tasty too.  Usually I avoid a vinaigrette like the plague but this one has a nice flavor without coming across too strong.  The color and consistency is a little weird but once you get past that, you are in salad heaven.   We have been searching for a new mattress for a few months now and are at our wits end to find one.  I had heard the advertisements on the radio (Shout out to Holmberg shilling away for T&N) and decided to give T&N a chance. Stopped by Petite for brunch on Sunday and it was delish!  I had their take on Eggs Benedict which was light and fresh and the eggs were perfectly poached.  My brunch companion had the chicken and mushroom stuffed crepes but we both got plate envy when we saw our neighbor table had ordered the Petite Maison burger!!  It was HUGE, a two hander and looked very juicy!   Shout out to today's lunch crew for great attitudes and energy!  Today was JM's Nationwide Day of Giving and 100% of today's sales in PHX will go directly to Phoenix Children's Hospital.   There is a place called Heaven, and it is a Bosa glazed donut.  The donut holes are the best and a real deal at 12 for $0.99.  It's not a quick stop though, Arcadia loves them some Bosa so there is always a line in the drive through.  But the wait in line for a fluffy pillow that is a Bosa donut is soooooo worth it. Angry Crab is a great addition to the Arcadia Neighborhood!  I haven't had their BBQ but their seafood is awesome.  I usually go with Snow Crab, they are cheap and already cleaned for you unlike the Dungeness that come whole and need to be cleaned.  I also love their shrimp which are a steal per lb and HUGE!  I am talking prawn size, cooked whole head on with all the delicious juices.   Harlow's Café is like that longtime friend you can't figure out why you stopped hanging out with.  Maybe it's because you were lured away by fancy brunch places with 90 min wait times but then you realize, all you needed was Harlow's. We just moved to North Scottsdale and hadnt unpacked the kitchen yet so I decided to check out Ristorante Giuseppe and get to go.  I have no idea it is CASH ONLY and only had my cards but the manager was super understanding.  I offered to hit the ATM at the bank in the complex but the manager didnt want me to incur the fees and told me to come back the next day with cash. We came back to the Attic for their Wednesday $12 Ivan and a Beer special and left two very happy and full campers. The Boy has been wanting to stop by The Larder + Delta for some time now after our last visit. We were afforded the opportunity to stop by and were not disappointed. And my 200th Yelp review goes to......................  Lash Out! "Another Great dinner at P&P.  We had a small hiccup during service, but our server and the management address it and all was forgiven.  Our server, Cat, was AMAZING.  She made great recommendations that the table talked about for the rest of the night.  She recommended the special, a Pork ""Chicken Wing"" which everyone raved over (sorry Beckets is a great addition to Arcadia and with a couple visits under my belt I figured I should add my review to Yelp.  I love their drink selection, lots of tasty and fresh combinations as well as local beer selection (yah!) and a great wine list. The Boy and I decided to try Ingo's for their 4th of July Special, $4 burgers.  I have warred with this place since it was built and took away the already scant parking for LGO and Postino's but I think it's time to wave the white flag and concede to Ingo's Tasty Food. I got a spray tan here from the owner, Manae for Halloween and not only was it awesome, affordable and quick but I had a blast!  I would def recommend her to anyone who is looking for a quick and inexpensive spray.  I have a crazy work schedule but she was very accommodating fitting me in past 7 PM and even gave me a glass of wine.  Her spray set up isn't super fancy but she did a great job and the spray was good quality so my tan looked natural.  Plus she is hilarious so it was more like hanging out with a friend than getting sprayed by a total stranger.  She gives discounts on spray packages and gives one free once you purchase ten but at $20 a spray I will keep coming back even without the special discounts! Stopped by here on a Friday night to catch the tail end of their HH and had a great time!  Their happy hour lasts until 7 PM which is nice for us folks who don't get off work until 6 PM and included some great rolls and appetizers like a crispy spicy tuna and Las Vegas Roll as well as a Sapporo Tall Boy Saki Bomber for $5.  The regular priced specialty rolls were a nice change from the same old same old rolls you see at other sushi joints, I ordered the original tootsie pop which came on sticks and were rolled in thin sliced cucumber.  I would like to see their specialty roll prices be a little more affordable as most of their specialty rolls range from $13-25 but the quality of the food is definitely A+. I have been coming to Hanny's for years and it never disappoints.  Normally we come for drinks and a bar plate while we wait for even traffic to die down but this time we came for a sit down meal and it was AMAZING!   Saw the reviews on yelp and thought I better check out what all the stars were all about.  I went for a regular Pedicure ($19 to start) on a random Tuesday afternoon.  It is your typical strip mall nail salon but was very clean and nice inside.   Run, don't walk to Dr Hummus.  I know there is no such thing as a doctorate in Hummus but if there was, this guy would get the first one issued.   Another great trip to the Aveda Chandler Store!  I was having a quality issue with a product as well as needed to purchase some Xmas Gifts and decided to stop in.  The ladies who were working were happy to exchange my product, were outgoing and helpful, and even made sure I knew about some new changes going on with their rewards program. Finally a bar who knows how to treat their customers!  I love the fact that their happy hour runs 5-9 PM every day instead of a measly 2 hour one like the stingy places.   I mean, who actually ENJOYS going to get waxed?  It hurts and is annoying and you have a relative stranger poking around at your business for 20-30 minutes.  I went to Rio for the first time and would absolutely recommend it hands down over any other wax place in the valley!  I didn't have the famed Danielli but my waxologist Sara was amazing!  She had me laughing the entire time which is hard when the anticipation has your reflexes on high alert.  Sara was also great to talk about what I was looking for so I didn't walk away with too much taken off or too little. Every summer, the Gypsies would come to our little town to set up shop and sell their wares. which included pillow cleaning and re-ticking. Since Phoenix seems to have a shortage on Gypsies, I have had a hard time finding places who clean and refresh feather pillows until I stumbled across Rave. This place should be called Magic OMFG Noodle because it was soooooooo gooooooood!   Fluff and Fold, you complete me!!  I haven't used their do it yourself area but I do take advantage of their fluff and fold service and it is amazing.  They charge $1 per pound (most loads are under 7 lbs) and wash, dry and fold your clothes.  They provide the detergent and will ask if you prefer fabric softener or even bleach on your whites. People always wonder why I spend $$$ on quality sunglasses vs buying them from the knock-off kiosk in the mall.  Optical Shops of Aspen proves my point.   I have been eyeing Mr. Z's through my dusty car windows for a while now and decided to give them a try. I opted for the full service wash with the 30 day wax. Stopped by B&R on a Saturday to treat myself after a hard (ok not so hard) day of over time.  I love that they offer all day happy hour in the bar and took advantage of their specials. Stopped by on an errand for The Boy to pick up a few things and was in and out in no problem.  The staff was super helpful and there was always someone who asked me if I was finding everything I needed, which I did need help because where does one find a 4 oz jar of spackle in a mega store of DIY? Mod Home is a cool place if you are looking for modern (duh) or eclectic pieces you wouldn't find in a regular furniture store.  This place has something for every style from Art Decco, to fuzzy pillows, to minimal modern pieces, to giant decorative busts, they even have a framing area to order custom picture frames.  Somethings are a little far out there, like an Egg Chair from Men in Black, but everything seemed to be of high quality and well done. I am slacking.  This is seriously one of the BEST places in PHX and I have yet to review it!  This place cares about its food and about Arcadia.   During our search for a new mattress, we decided to shop local and give R&S a try.  The associate who helped us, Doug, was amazing.  He was helpful, listened to our concerns, and made some great recommendations for the types of mattresses we should look for to meet our needs. Update on my review, still 5 stars! Love this place and come several times a week.  I have no idea why you would go to any other bagel place in a 5 mile radius, well except on Mondays when they are closed. We stopped by BW3 (Ohio baby!) during our most recent trip to the mall for lunch and I was very impressed. I LOVE NCounter!  They do breakfast well and have great dishes that are imaginative without going off the deep end.  If you like a Benedict and you are wild about cream cheese get the NCounter Omelets!  Seriously it is my go to item and it's like crack.  I also love that they have a protein smoothie on their menu so I enjoy my brunch with my man friend instead of getting stuck at some health food place. We used Head Out to Rocky Point for a trip over the 4th of July weekend and I am very impressed!  We chartered a 12 person passenger van with a small trailer to take us to, and from RP over the holiday weekend.  It was $100 per person plus tipfor the trip there and back and was totally worth it.  Our driver, David, was very nice, he helped us load and unload our trailer and kept us informed of stops and any necessary border info we needed to be aware of.  The trailer was a nice touch as well, we were able to store all our luggage and not be cramped in the van as well as had room to bring our own lawn games, chairs, and any other items allowed across the border. My friends and I started coming to Hazelwoods for their Thursday night trivia and always have a blast!  Not only do they have a great happy hour but they also have nightly drink specials depending on the day of the week.  Besides Team Trivia, they also organize card games on specific nights (sorry I'm not sure what kind though).  I also love their beer selection, 16 beers on tap! A double Vienna beef dog with all the fixings and fresh hand cut fries for $4.35, how can you go wrong?  You can't beat their prices or the food quality and they have a great menu that makes me think I am in Chicago.  I do get my order to go since the fryer smell will linger with you throughout the day but always worth the trip! Came here for a change of pace activity with the boy and had a great time!  We rented a double kayak but there are several options to choose from including stand up paddle boards, paddle boats, and electric passenger boats.  If you are looking for something with a little more horse power, they have motor based boats, jet skis and Fly Boards rentals at their Lake Pleasant location. o...m...g  amazing!!!  I tend to stick to their beef items but everything I have had is amazing.  It's a garlic lovers paradise with their garlic rice and Tzatziki sauce and their portions are HUGE.  My only gripe is their fries since I am not a thick steak fry person but I just get their plate meal that comes with entrée, small greek salad, garlic rice and a pita with a side of Tzatziki sauce.  The dining area is small and the place can fill up quickly during lunch but totally worth the wait! This guy is AWESOME!  Yes all capital letters AWESOME!  We saw him perform at the yelp PleY date and wanted to pull up a chair and watch him all night.  He was entertaining, engaging and also talented with balloon art (no crappy giraffes here).  I want to throw a party just so I have a reason to hire him. Murphy's Law is alive and well.  I went to grab to go food on a Friday night and came back to a dead car parked in the 10 min To Go parking.  Great.  Having no regular mechanic to call, I had my car towed to SDA and prayed to the car repair gods not to be taken to the cleaners. "This is my go to spot to say in Old Town!  Unlike other resorts you aren't charged a resort fee and other ""staycation"" fees are minimal like $14 valet parking\/$5 for non guests for the day instead of $30 like other places. "I used Parker's Movers back when they were known as ""Smooth Moves"" and would recommend them to anyone! When I first looked at going to Little Miss, they had over 386 Yelp reviews and still maintained a 5 Star rating.  Not a 4.5, not a 4.7, but a 5 freaking star rating and I knew I had to find this Unicorn. Before I start my review, this is a SCHOOL.  These are students who are learning a craft and by going there, you should understand the services may not be perfect.  It blows my mind how many bad reviews there are for students who are trying to learn a trade and need practice to learn that trade.  They are not experts (yet) and will make mistakes, take longer to do the services, and have to check their work with the Cosmo Prof on the floor before you can leave to get clock hours for the service. I go out of my way to get my gas here.  Why? The staff is always courteous, the store is clean and their gas prices are consistently $0.08-$0.15 cents cheaper than other stations just down the block.  Combine that with the fact they accept Fry's Fuel Points and it really lessens the blow of dropping $$$ to fill up your tank. The dine in theater here is a lot of fun and a nice option, especially if you are already planning on dinner before a movie.  The quality of the food is just ok, but if you aren't expecting gourmet fancy pants food, it's pretty good.  Our server was attentive and helpful as well. I love the fresh pressed tortillas at Panchero's!  No more dry, flour-y tortillas for this gal and I love the variety of menu items they have.  I hate to use the C-Word (cough, cough, Chipotle) but that place doesn't compare to the delicious flavors and fresh, chewy tortillas at Panchero's. By a fluke, I ended up at DVAP looking for a master cylinder and brake booster for a 1962 Oldsmobile Starfire.  My father in Iowa owns the car and had the ordinal part split while being worked on and was able to track down a similar year model at DVAP.  In comes his favorite child to the rescue! Do you love Beer?  Do you love Brauts? Do you love Bocce?  Do you love Bing Pong (sorry I needed another B word there)?  The Brat Haus is the place for you! Hate the wait, hate the prices but I love the Breakfast Club!  The food is amazing and the menu is extensive for plain old breakfast food.  The portions are large which is great if you are starving or hung over but I wish they had some of their larger items like the omelets ala cart.  I love their a la cart breakfast sandwich, it's like an adult egg McMuffin with horseradish sauce on it.  I don't love the price.  At over $5 for just a sandwich I'll head to across the canal to Olive and Ivy's market and get a sandwich and home fries for $7.  And if you like pancakes?  O....M....G! I have died and gone to pizza heaven.  No literally this place is pizza heaven!  My go to pizza is the Tirolese which is so good I really don't order anything else.   As a Midwesterner, I have been waiting since the announcement that Lou's was coming to the Valley.  I even taunted friends who have moved outside of the Chicagoland area that we have the first Lou's outside of IL and was extremely lucky to score a ticket to the soft opening. We stopped by Mor on our quest for the perfect dining table and bedroom set.  While we didnt find what we were looking for, we still had a great experience.  One of the sales people was extremely helpful, talked to us like people and not like a sale, and really made the whole experience. I've been coming here for a few months now to get a blow out for special events or just when I am feeling lazy.  At $10 you can see why I call it my guilty pleasure!   "This is one of those places where you question ""are we really supposed to be here?!"" But once enter Pizza A "Had lunch here with the coworkers and pretty sure I am going to dream of this place later tonight when I fall asleep.  The menu boasts 13 different ""dawg"" choices as well as burgers Is anyone else tired of being forced to Valet your car in Scottsdale?  Ok I can already hear my fellow Yelpers rolling their eyes since I live and go out in Scottsdale but seriously when did it become ok to make a living over public parking? No one enjoys going car shopping.  Seriously, give your friend the choice of helping you move and helping you buy a car and most will chose helping you move.  The experience I had at Audi Chandler made me want to buy a car from them AND help THEM move. I was a first timer at Drybar but not a first timer for a blow out.  I really enjoyed my experience.  My stylist help me pick a style based on my hair cut (I wanted curls but wasn't sure which of their styles would match my blunt cut) and I was not disappointed with the result. So for my b-day cake I have a theory, if you have to get older, you better celebrate with the best cake you can find and this year I decided to try Butter and Me.  Prob the best idea of my new age.  I requested a cake version of a cupcake variety I had had a few years previous at the Scottsdale Culinary Festival, chocolate cake with brown sugar butter cream and bacon toffee bits on top.  I wasn't sure what shape/size of cake I wanted but Kelly was very helpful and accommodating.  The cake was spectacular and she had added a little glitter so it was pretty and girly but not garish.  And the Brown Sugar Buttercream?  O......M....G!  I could eat it every day of my life it was so good and hands down one of the best frostings I have ever tasted.   I went to Allure Nails the other day for a Mani/Pedi before I took off on vacation.  The salon is very nice, your typical cookie cutter nail salon but it was clean and the décor was modern and very nice.  They have a flat screen which faces away from the technicians so you don't have your tech paying more attention to Court TV than to your nails. We visited Sushi Ken because it is cold and rainy so of course that left us wanting RAMEN!  We arrived at 6:30 on a Friday and the place was surprisingly busy.  By the time we left, all the tables were full as was the sushi bar, and there was a wait! I LOVE this place!  Their prices have risen a bit to $2.25 but that is for ANY type of garment.  Other places charge your $15-20 to dry clean a dress but this place is $2.25 straight across the board.  They offer same day service too for the unbelievable price of $2.25!!!  I was so surprised when I asked for same day service that they didn't jack up the price but when they say they have a fixed price list, they mean it!! "Order in, drive through this place is the go to in Arcadia for a great burger (ok I didn't mean to make that rhyme).  They ""get"" great customer service and always ask for my name when I order even in the drive through. "People always judge me because I go to the ""ghetto"" Fry's but seriously they do a great job.  Everyone is always so helpful and courteous to me and since the remodel the store has done a 180.  They have also increased their food selection since the remodel which is great. I have been a fan of the Bistro Family since their sister restaurant, Local Bistro, opened in the Grey Hawk area.  I was super excited when Central Bistro brought their love to the Arcadia area. We came here on a whim after another restaurant had a 45 min wait on a Friday night and had a very nice time.  There were a few hiccups, which are to be expected at this type of establishment, but over all we were very impressed. "I am not good with blood, like at all, so when my doc suggested I get some yearly labs done I cringed and thought about ""accidentally"" losing the 'script.  Everything thing about my experience with Sonora Quest helped ease my fears.  This location takes appointments which is AWESOME!  No getting there at 7 AM and hoping there aren't 20 ""regulars"" there that you have to wait behind while praying you can make it to work on time.  I booked online Another 5 star review from Shayna's Nails because I get 5 Star treatment!  Kathy was amazing and actually remembered me.  It has been months since I came in yet she still remembered me, my preferences for services, and even the type of polish I use.  I did add a few bells and whistles to my treatment since it had been months since my feet say any love and affection but I was still out the door for under $35 sans tip. Been tanning here since they opened and love the place.  Even though they only have 6 tanning beds and the spray, I always get in and out quickly and never have to wait like other places that have 20+ beds.  I've tried all of their beds and each level does a great job of getting you nice and brown and are always clean.  Other places make you pay monthly and then prepay to pay to upgrade your bed but not here.  Their pricing structure is reasonable and straight-forward too, I have a monthly membership and then pay to upgrade every now and then to boost my bronzing.   After months of searching, we FINALLY found the right dining room set at Living Spaces.  We went everywhere (as you can see from my previous reviews) and were having no luck, either nice sets for $$$ or cheap, bad veneer work for $.  All of that went away when we stopped at Living Space. The Boy took me to Don and Charlie's for my yearly anniversary of NOT getting older and we really enjoyed our experience!  Don and Charlie's has a lot of charm as that neighborhood restaurant where you take your family or meet your buddies after golf. Another amazing trip to Valley Eye Care! I had Flex Spending to use and it has been years since I have gotten new frames so I decided to splurge.   Came here for dinner and was not disappointed!  Our server Danyella was attentive and also very helpful.  The hostess made sure to ask if we were celebrating a special event (just the celebration of eating) and Danyella also checked about the occasion so she could make it memorable.   I am a vain person, let's be honest.  I have had eyelash extensions in the past but they are more of a luxury for me so I save them for special occasions.  The salon I went to previously doubled their prices so I was in search for a new lash-master to help me get my glam on. "I have a love hate relationship with LGO.  I LOVE their food!  I hate that I never know if they are doing counter service only or if they have servers in the dining area.  I LOVE their pizza!  I hate their parking and now they've turned all their lot spaces into ""19 min only"" parking so you have to valet.  I LOVE their take and go options as well as you can buy wine at retail price in the grocery and drink it in the dining room with no corking fee.  I hate that this is a place that attracts hipsters. "I have been going to Mikhail for almost 7 years now which is the longest I have stayed with one man in my life. :)  Mikhail is so talented in his craft that I really don't bring in pictures of what I want anymore.  I just sit in his chair, give him an idea (keep the length but I want more movement) and say ""work your magic"" and he does!  In our time together so far I have had long layered hair as well as many variations of the ""Posh Spice"" bob and I have always been happy.  He takes the time to look at your face and bone structure and then creates a perfect cut based on that. I LOVE me some 5th and Wine.  Not only for the wine selection but for their great food.   I swear our car is a rock magnet. We have had 2 windshields replaced by Mr. Glassworks and would recommend them to anyone! Golden Buddha has GREAT dim sum.  Their prices are reasonable and the staff is very polite wheeling their little carts.  I tend to go on the weekend because there is more selection but they do dim sum throughout the week.  They also have some very authentic dishes on the menu for those who are more of the adventurous types.  Be sure to say hello to the turtles the next time you go. We moved to the neighborhood and Salty Sow is my new guilty pleasure.  Their menu has a lot of fun yet wholesome items that I can't get enough of.  Both myself and The Boy were surprised by their brussel sprout Caesar salad.  The dressing has the right amount of bite and the crispy brussel sprout leaves give it a nice bump in flavor. This place is legit, local owned, local made, local good!  We've been here a few times now and always enjoy our time. The Boy and I decided we earned another cheat meal this week (ok we really didn't) and we spent it a the Gladly.  We came on Sunday and had a pleasant surprise of all day Happy Hour on Sunday until 6 PM.  Don't threaten me with a good time.   I know I have been slacking on my Yelp reviews, The Boy and I are diet which explains the radio silence.  We get one cheat meal a week and decided to try Dozo for some Ramen Cheat. I don't come here as often I used to, due to them removing their gas pumps, but I always have a pleasant visit.  The owners are very friendly and courteous.  The location of the store can be a bit sketch, but the store is always clean and they actively work on removing graffiti on the outside of the store. I was so excited when DD opened up since I love me some liquor with my breakfast (sorry Breakfast Club).  It became our new go to breakfast spot and never disappointed.  I am a huge fan of their benedicts especially their crab cake bene.  My friends are healthy eaters and always raved about their Egg White wrap or the Turkey and Sausage White out.  Servers were always helpful and courteous, even when my hung over friend had random requests like 2 medium poached eggs and wheat toast no butter.  Mimosas are great here too so make sure you aren't hung over to get one.  )
(3egcdazws_x1wW35jgXfNw,Nothing beats a beautiful sunny day and a stroll along the streets of the strip district in downtown Pittsburgh.  Apollo Cafe is one of the best breakfast spots in downtown Pittsburgh. Apollo opens early for those early workers to have a hot meal before starting the morning shift. I love the Mediterranean/Greek feel to the atmosphere of the cafe. The food is very good and at an affordable price for eat in or take out. I have always enjoyed the friendly staff that greets you in the morning to start your day with a smile.  We had such a wonderful Wine Tasting Cruise !  I highly recommend this cruise once a moth for those wine lover such as myself.  Primanti Bros is a staple in our house!. It is very true, you either love them or hate them.  We LOVE them.  I have even gone so far as to try to make my own at home. We have been eating Primanti's since the early 70's when the only place I knew of at the time was the strip district. Then several more popped up in all the right places. I am not as fond of the restaurant style they have now moved into, I still like the quick shop for a sandwich. The restaurant don't offer the quick service that the small sandwich shops do. It is nice to have a choice when you have kids with you.  The North Versailles is my least favorite, but it is the closest. The service is good here, but time from taking order to receiving isn't all that great. Monroeville isn't bad, either, slow service.  I still prefer the Strip District. They closed my favorite on Cherry Way, downtown, for a more of restaurant location in Market Square, just isn't the same.  The location in Oakland on campus is hard to get to when you can't find a parking space.  For the most part we have received a good sandwich, every now and then the bead was cut to small or the slaw was to over powering. For the most part it has been consistent. We have never had other restaurant foods either than the sandwiches. I have been meaning to try the pizza fest, but not as of now.   My Granddaughter and I attended the Pierogi Festival at Kennywood, this past weekend. She and I both loved Gosia's Pierogis.   Anthony's Coal Fired Pizza !!!  LOVE THE WINGS  I am not a wing person don't care for them in other restaurants, but I just love the coal fired wings at Anthony's. The caramelized onions and focaccia bread make these wings to die for !!   I have no negative review of this trip to LongHorn.  Excellent new bakery in The Waterfront in Homestead. They just opened in July and already a buzz around town about them.  The Burnt Almond Torte is PHENOMENAL!  and to die for !!  Lotus Food, If I could shop there every day I would. I always shop when I am in the strip district for the afternoon, mostly on the weekends.  The family ordered from Kar Hing this evening. 2 Shrimp Egg Rolls , Shrimp Fried Rice, Chicken /w Mixed Vegetables and Beef Lo Main.  After a really nice morning in the museum, a trip to the cafe was just as nice.  While shopping in the waterfront in Homestead, we decided to make a second trip to P.F Changs. Our first visit was an evening for dinner with reservations. I truly enjoyed the evening. The Asian Grilled Salmon with dry rub was not overly spicy, just as I like it. I just acquired a taste for asparagus and enjoyed it as well. Remembering our dinner, we stopped for lunch this trip. We had a gift card for our lunch that day. The restaurant wasn't crowed so no reservation was needed. It was a Monday afternoon. I like the decor and the atmosphere of the dining room. I ordered the weekday lunch paring. California Roll, and Vegetable Spring Roll and added the Egg Roll , it was really good!, would definitely order again. The service was great, friendly and very accommodating to us. The gift card helped to absorb some of the cost. The cost is appropriate for what you receive, but some will say it is still too expensive. As many have posted it is not your typical Chinese restaurant, more like a California yuppie vibe, but I like it. It's clean, neatly laid out and it offers a great decor and atmosphere. If you're willing to spend the money it is worth it. I would say, I would be back if I had another gift card or certificate. I have been riding horses from a very young age. No longer having horses in the family, I have had to find opportunities to ride. I have since shared my love of horses with my granddaughter, who also loves to ride. I never knew that Rolling Hills Ranch, was so close to home.  Tillie's Restaurant is a wonderful kid and family friendly Italian Restaurant. I have been coming to Tillie's since a young child. My parents knew Tillie. She was a wonderful old women that was always nice to me. Her picture hangs in the dining room, a beautiful tribute.  Chinatown Inn is the BEST CHINESE RESTURANT I have found in North America! HUGE FAN! and have been supporting Chinatown for over 25+ years. I can't say enough about this restaurant. I have had lunch in , dinner in and have had take out numerous times over the years. Chinatown has NEVER disappointed me once. I love the Shrimp Eggs Rolls, Chicken & Broccoli in the white sauce with steamed rice. I live for the Won Ton Soup !! it is so unique that they shred the pork on top of the soup and not inside the wrapper, I love that. I always get a medium bowl and a medium steamed rice on the side. After I eat the won ton, I put the rice in the soup and enjoy two soups from one bowl. Won Ton, and Chicken and Rice. The Jumbo Egg Roll is a meal in itself. Everything on the menu is good.  The Southside Works Cinema is a great place for a movie & dinner, when planning an evening on the Southside. We made a mistake in buying tickets one evening and the Manager was very friendly and resolved our issue at once with no hassle. I haven't had an issue with employees or the freshness of the popcorn. We usually have popcorn and a bottle of water when watching the movies. It is a nice small, clean theater. I can't comment on the seats in the theater, I have sat on worse. Others have commented on the sound, I can't comment, It never was a concern or an issue that caused me to notice. Our movie experiences have been great!. I would highly recommend this theater. They do offer advance tickets in the entertainment books in the area if you are able to find them. A Birthday Celebration brought us to Bonefish. The birthday girls favorite restaurant.  Although never seeing a Manager during our dinner, I have to say the food was great, prepared to everyone's liking. Quick and friendly service. We started our dinner with the amazing crispy, fried, spicy Bang Bang Shrimp!!, as an add on to our dinner.  I would love to have the recipe to make this at home! We also shared the Crab Cakes, delicious! We all chose the Hooked on Tues Specials. Salad, entree and dessert. The birthday girl had the Salmon dinner, I had the Ahi Tuna and her father had the Shrimp & Scallops. I chose the Ceaser Salad. It was good, but lacking in dressing. I really enjoyed the medium well Tuna, it was prepared perfectly. Everyone had the Potatoes, excellent choice. Dessert was Cheesecake with both butterscotch and chocolate sauce, very good !!! I belong to the email subscription. I have not yet joined the rewards program. We do go to Bonefish or Out Back Steak House enough to join. We gave her the points to her rewards account to get one more visit for a dinner reward.  I may consider it. We will return. I really can't say enough about Chick-fil-A in Monroeville. I have been here several times and have never been disappointed in any way. Not sure if it perfect timing or what, but we have hardly any wait time and have always found a seat.  Excellent Breakfast! Biroche Doree is a French European chain style cafe, located inside the University Club on the Pitt campus. It is a hidden gem away from the hectic business of the university campus and hospital complexes. It is a small, quiet, clean and cozy little cafe. For those that are looking for something a little different, for breakfast or a quick lunch this is your spot. The cafe has many coffees and teas available all day. Biroche has pastries and cafe style sandwiches available as well. I have enjoyed the breakfast croissants and bagels. For lunch I usually ordered The Quiche Lorraine. Biroche is only open for breakfast and the lunch till 4 pm, during the week and closed on Saturday & Sundays. I am a little bias as well to this lovely little cafe, I once was employed by the University Club and had the chance to eat here every day. Highly Recommend. Aug 8th  The kids love the Sbarro's at the Monroeville Mall Food Court. The pizza is always fresh. They also love the rolls. The price is reasonable.  We have been to Green Forest many times, one of our favorite Brazilian Steakhouses. Unlimited meat, excellent salad bar, and delicious meat, bread and cheese table. $45 dollars a person is well worth the price. The staff is friendly and very accommodating. We enjoy brining family here on special occasions, like the one this evening for our daughter's birthday. Six of us enjoyed a very wonderful dinner.  Gia Visto is a wonderful authentic Italian restaurant hidden gem of Monroeville. Gia by far is the best restaurant in Monroeville. I have been here several times and have not been disappointed once. The quality of food and the service are top notch.  who hasn't had a slice of Mineo's Pizza ? it's been a Pittsburgh, Squirrel Hill tradition since 1958. It is true you either love it or hate it. It's fierce competition up the street is Aiello's is quit the same, either you love them or hate them. I have been eating slices of Mineo's since the late 70's  * NOTE:  Cash Only  I truly love shopping here. It is great for weekly shopping or a quick in and out. It's not a huge as some of the new GE's but it's big enough to move around and find everything your looking for.  When we travel we like to stay at Hyatt if I can book a room. We belong also to the reward program they offer. I collect the points for free night stays as so many now do. I like the Hyatt brand hotels and enjoy staying when possible.  I love Cheese steaks as you may have read from prior posts.  I have never been disappointed at Uncle Sam's. I have only been to this location and the one in the Waterworks in Aspinwall, next to another favorite place Burgatory. Uncle Sam's Submarines is located on Forbes Ave in Squirrel Hill.  In my option this cheese steak is much better than any pizza shop steak hoagie and I think it is because Sam's specializes in great steak hoagies. The steaks are made in front of you, always fresh and never a so-so hoagie.  I like the fact that, If you eat in, you get free fries. I like the small thin shoestring fries, they remind me of the fries on the boardwalk. The staff here and in the Waterworks have always been friendly. I think that the price is very affordable for what you receive. The restaurant is always clean and I have never had a problem finding a seat. Yes it is CASH ONLY. Highly Recommend for a great Cheesesteak! I can only comment on the cheesecake. We have had dinner there once or twice, but I found nothing negative or glowing to say about the dinners. It's always to crowded to make this place on our restaurant rotation list.  I LOVE the cheesecake. Either eat in or take out, it is such a treat! We mostly like to take the dessert out, less crowded and have it in the peace and quite of a hotel room near by or at home. I love the Raspberry/Chocolate every time ! True fan and will continue to eat Cheesecake and recommend to family and friends. I love the new look of the Arby's in Monroeville! Clean, fresh and new !  Me Lyng Restaurant has been a part of Homestead for as long as I can remember. A friend and I stopped for dinner one evening, knowing I enjoy Chinese food, it was a great choice and so pleased with the entire evening. It was my first time there. I ordered of course, the Chicken w Broccoli.  This was my first visit ever to a BRAVO and loved the whole experience from the moment I walked in the door with a girlfriend for a girls night out.  Who doesn't LOVE the Zoo.  We have traveled over three states to visit the zoo's in other states. This is our fifth year of being members of the Pittsburgh Zoo and PPG Aquarium we love the advantages of how wonderful the visits are for our grandchildren as well as a health walk for us. The zoo has changed in the many years as a child, I would visit with my parents as well as brining our children and now a third generation. I love all the improvements, new exhibits and the sights and sounds of the zoo. It is a wonderful day for young and old. Our grandkids love the new dinosaur exhibit for them, the small $5.00 a person up-charge was worth it. It is only here till the Sept 2017.    Shady Grove was always a favorite place to go after work for dinner or a weekend lunch break, when living and working on Fifth Avenue in Shadyside. The food and the service has always been excellent. I have never had a bad experience dining at Shady Grove. It is also a great place for a Sunday Brunch. I love the salads. My favorite is the Chicken Ceaser. I also like the Ahi Tuna. You can't beat a $3 Mimosa on a Sunday.  I look forward to concerts at this old historic concert hall. The history of this hall alone is worth the visit. I also like the library attached to the music hall. Old and classic in many ways. This small venue gives  a unique feel and great view from any balcony seat, there is truly not a bad seat in the house. Tickets to an event should be purchased as soon as possible to most concerts, they do sell out fast and they have many on the hall list that purchase as soon as the list appears.  We have seen, Kenny Wayne Sheppard and many other performers here, and the staff has always been so helpful and friendly. * side note, they are always looking for volunteers to staff the events. It's a great way to help community and see free concerts.  I agree with others that have stated that for a chain restaurant, Olive Garden is good. I do like the Mom/Pop restaurants, but sometimes a chain isn't bad. Being a prior restaurant owner and someone in the industry for 20+ years, I can appreciate, good food and good service. I am not a fan of fast food, but something quick, we make it due. Olive Garden in Monroeville has been a great spot for us as take out and dining in. I like the new pay at the table service with the tablet you find on all the tables. The kids enjoy the games if you're willing to pay for the service. The kids menus are great and keeps them busy with the actives on the page.  I usually order the Endless Soup and Salad. I love the Pasta Fagioli. I have tried the copycat version but I like the in restaurant better. We have also purchased the salad dressing. Good Stuff! The Stuffed Mushrooms are great always and I like the Fried Ravioli.  We have not had a bad experience and have had dinner and lunch there with a small group and with a larger group of family. Service either dining in or take out has always been, quick and friendly. I am starting to really like the take out service! At PointBreezeway, We had our daughters wedding shower there, thanks to Lauren & Riley ( the adorable family dog), the shower was a huge success! We couldn't have asked for a more attentive and helpful hostess in Lauren. The space is warm, cozy, and so gorgeous, we were able to comfortably fit 35 women in the indoor space, a thou it was winter and we could not use the outdoor space, which is truly an extra bonus, for those wishing to expand space and flow indoors and outdoors, we would have to wait for another event to use the beautiful renovated patio.  I just loved the Penn and Teller show.  The magic , the comedy and their whit and humor went hand in hand to produce a wonderful show.  I was told that they change the shows regularly, I am excited to come back to see another great show!  Highly recommend if you're in Vegas to see this show, it will not disappoint. A must see on the Sin City bucket list. I loved shopping here at the Direct Market on Center Ave, when I lived in Shadyside. I still come back from time to time.  The young and old in our family has enjoyed a yearly visit to the Carnegie Museum. We have been visiting since the early 70's to date. The museum is an affordable educational and fun afternoon for everyone! This is a great afternoon any time of the year. This is a great place to bring visiting family and friends.  This review is for the Casino only, I can't comment on the room's we have always stayed next door at Grandview with our timeshare. I love coming to Vegas and we have always enjoyed South Point Casino.  They have so much to offer under one roof and it isn't just a casino. They have a 64 lane bowling alley that they use for tournaments as well as guest play. A Cinemark movie theater. Huge booking areas. My favorite the horse equestrian center.  Being from the East, I don't get to see the real Cowboy Stuff and I enjoy sitting and watching.  I have read all the negative reviews but I can't offer one. I really enjoyed our last visit. We made a reservation on open table for a Sunday afternoon. We were the first ones through the door. We have only been to the South Side Location.  The restaurant was clean and ready for the day. The staff was friendly and accommodating to our special occasion. It was a Birthday celebration.  We have always enjoyed the pizza and Gyro's. Homemade Gyro's from a spit not frozen. Great service! Very friendly and accommodating to children. Prices are reasonable. Highly recommend. A trip to the Strip District, Downtown Pittsburgh isn't a good day unless I have stoped at Wholeys for lunch.  They offer the best cod fish sandwich combo with fries, coleslaw and a drink.  Who would have ever thought a really great Sushi place would be inside a fish market !?!  I LOVE Cheesesteak hoagies.  Carhops has the best so far that I have had in Monroeville. I have followed them from their old location in Monroeville, to the newest one. It's a huge jem hidden in Monroeville in a strip mall on Business 22, next to Elmer's Aquarium. I have not been to the Strip District location.  As an old car lover, the car names on the menu items are awesome!! They offer two sizes: 1ft Coupe and 2ft Sedan how clever is that !! I love the Deville ( cheesesteak ) the Riviera (steak, cheese with grilled mushrooms) and the Z-28 (steak, grilled onions, white american cheese I ask with no garlic). They offer Italian hoagies as well, and other sandwiches, but I go for the Cheesesteak. I am not a Penn Station fan, just something not right about them for me. I enjoy watching the owner make the hoagies, he has always been friendly and pleasing to talk to. The steaks are always made fresh and I have never had a bad experience. This is not a restaurant per say. Yes they have a few tables to sit at, but it's more for takeout. You seat yourself and get your own drinks. If you're looking for waiter service this is not for you, but if you really want a great cheesesteak, I highly recommend. CASH ONLY !  They are closed on Sundays. They do deliver in the Monroeville area. What a unique cart return escalator !! This Target location in East Liberty is off the beaten path for me, but when I get a chance to shop here I take it !!  We really enjoyed our first visit to Olives & Peppers.  I read the negative reviews. I can't say the family's experience was a negative one. The kids had a great time! It wasn't overly crowded and we found a table rather quickly. Babysitting this weekend, I asked what pizza to order. Bishops !! was the only suggestion answered. I was glad to hear it.  Such a GREAT Day !! Kennywood afternoon & evening makes great family memories.  We have used Mitch's Barbecue for many of our family functions and occasions. I have recommend Mitch to many of our friends, who have also used him for picnics and graduations. Mitch and his wife are wonderful to deal with, friendly and accommodating to all my special food needs. He has always been on time and followed all the venues requirements. The food is Excellent!!. The staff the Mitch hires are friendly and helpful.  I was sooooo disappointed when they closed Noodles & Company in Monroeville.  "My Family was raised in Greenfield. Great working class neighborhood, where everyone looks out and knows one another. I was never raised in Greenfield but still have family close by. Big Jim's has and always will be our family neighborhood restaurant. Big Jim's ""In The Run"" it's not a huge restaurant I was excited when Pittsburgh built the Rivers Casino. It rivals the Meadows in Washington County. It isn't as flashy or lavish as those in Vegas or Atlantic City or other city casinos I have been to. Rivers is boring and plan, but it's home. As accessible by car, bus or the T. Parking is free.  Triangle Bar & Grill I just LOVE the new look of the Aldis on the Ardmore Blvd in Forest Hills.  Mitchell's Fish Market in Homestead is my favorite fish restaurant in the area. At one time I knew the head chef, but he has since moved on.  I really like the food here, which keeps us coming back again and again.  I think that management needs improved in some areas, but that doesn't keep me from enjoying the food.  When I lived in Shadyside I would order from China Palace once a week. It was in my Walnut Street restaurant rotation. I have taken out and have had dinner there. I have had most of the Chicken dishes, with Broccoli, Snow Peas, Cashew, Sweet & Sour, Mixed Veg, the Fried Rice and other Chicken dishes. I have not had a bad experience. I have only ordered or dined, during the dinner hours. I do understand the mix reviews, but I have not had any major issues to complain or comment on. The service could be a little quicker, but having it fresh made to me has always been worth it. It is worth the try. Mario's is under NEW Ownership! Always friendly and accommodating to all his customers. Fast and prompt delivery service as well, always with a smile. The Pizza's are great, from the simple Cheese Pizza to the Works!  I and the family LOVE the in house made, Ranch Dressing, they really need to bottle and sell that stuff can never get enough !. The Caesar Salad is Wonderful, large and very tasty. I like the Italian Hoagies & Meatball Hoagies. My son always orders the Gyro and loves it. This is a must try for those living in the South Hills or anyone willing to travel for a great pizza & hoagie at a great price. The menu is huge with plenty to please any family member. Keep up the good work guys !!!! I love a good Gyro !  I like the Gyros at the Old village Grille. We usually eat in at the few tables available, but we also take out.  I prefer to eat in. Some Gyros don't travel well. They make a very good Gyro for the area. The meat is sliced  from the spit. The vegetables are always fresh. I have never had a bad Gyro from The Village Grille. They do offer coupon specials if you can find them. They do have lunch time specials as well. I like that they have a kids meal special that you can purchase for the little ones that can't eat a whole Gyro. You don't have to pay full price for the little ones that don't eat much other than the meat.  I think the prices are very reasonable for what you receive. Next time I would like to try the Greek Salad w added Gyro meat. The Sushi Hand Rolls the very best in Monroeville. I highly recommend the Pittsburgh, Philadelphia as well as the Rainbow rolls, they are fresh prepared by hand and your able to watch as they make them for you. Taipei also offers the best Asian food in the area. I have enjoyed the most of the Chicken dishes. My favorites being Chicken/Broccoli and Cashew. I am not a huge spicy dish lover, so curry is definitely out and can't comment. I have had family members order from the beef section and have never had anything negative to say.  Family owned and operated and always present in the restaurant. The service has always been consistently pleasant and accommodating. I have never had a disappointing dining experience here.  If you enjoy really good Asian food please try Taipei Tokyo it is well worth the trip. Huge Fan and Highly Recommend. We have been staying at The Grandview at Las Vegas for years. This is a real review of someone who has stayed and have had no issues with the resort. We do have timeshare and use RCI for exchange. I have no issue with the timeshare push that the people try to sell. It is excepted at EVERY resort you book. Be prepared to either go along with it if you have the time or just say NO.  I just politely say NO. We own two timeshares and went through that hell of 2 1/2 hours and won't repeat it. They do accept the word NO, you just have to say it. I don't pick up the phone in my room. I disconnect it. I like it better that way, peace and quiet. The deals and offers that they make are not that great, so you're not missing out on anything.  I have been to Lucca only for lunch. It is always a wonderful afternoon. Great atmosphere and I have always enjoyed the relaxing visit with friends. The food is fantastic - Authentic Italian. I would highly recommend any of the pasta dishes. Their menu does change, but your sure to find any dish well worth the visit. I am always disappointed when a restaurant doesn't add the wine list to their website. Lucca has a well balances list that will complement any food choice. I am more of a white wine drinker. The Spaghettini or the Fettuccine with a good Chardonnay would make an excellent choice. I like any of the salads with added chicken.  They do have a great list if your someone who enjoys a glass or bottle with your meal.  I have always loved my trips to Vegas. Since we have timeshare we don't get a chance to stay in the casino hotels any longer.  Years ago before timeshare we booked a room at the Luxor. The price was perfect for a long weekend visit. We enjoyed our stay at the Luxor. We only had the room to sleep and change our clothes. I have nothing negative to say. The room was clean and comfortable and I slept well. We stayed in the tower on a high floor with a great view. I loved the Egyptian decor. We had very easy check in and check out with friendly service. I can't comment on the food because we eat elsewhere on the strip. I highly recommend this hotel and would to all family and friends. This quaint little authentic old world Italian, out of the way, Gem of a restaurant in Shadyside on Copeland Street, is by far the best Italian restaurant in Pittsburgh. With  excellent food and service, you can't help but fall in love with this place as I have. "Family of pizza lovers. We have met our daughter several times at this location, when she was working at the mall, during her lunch break. She no longer works at the mall so we don't have a change to visit as much as we used too.  This location has always been busy. I suggest getting there early and expect to wait in a short line, because they do not take reservations. For being here several times, I find nothing impressive nor disappointing, average experience at best. We order mostly pizza and salad. We do love the crispy Mac-Cheese appetizer. It was the first time we tried it and loved it, sadly every restaurant now offers it and makes it not a novelty any longer.  We have had the Pepperoni hand tossed pizza. We have ordered the ""Works"" as well; Italian Sausage As a family we have always loved Buca Di Beppo at any location. The food is great, the service has always been excellent, however, the wait time for food delivery and the final bill, keeps us remembering why we come and will we return.   Over all the experience of Buca Di Beppo is wonderful !! We love the family style dining and have made reservations for years for all occasions. The price isn't bad for what you receive as well as discounts and coupons are everywhere if you look for them.  My Girlfriend suggested this place because it was associated with Mazzotta Winery. We had a wine tasting, which will be in another post and decided to purchase a bottle to take downstairs to the pizza shop for dinner. It was an excellent bottle of wine to complement a great Spinach & Chicken Pizza. White sauce, grilled chicken, bacon, spinach, tomato and chesses make this a excellent choice for a dinner pizza with wine and a side house salad. Service was friendly and quick. We sat in front of the window on a sunny evening and enjoyed our dinner. Highly recommend, eating in. The dining room is large enough to accommodate any size party. I know that she has returned several times with family and friends. We are planning another pizza dinner there soon. We ate at the Grand View Buffet years ago when it first opened, it was really simple, plan, yet very good.  What a unique way to serve fast food pizza! I would choice this over any of the fast food chains in the area hands down!  A Healthier build your own pizza! GOT A LOVE IT!  I just LOVE Peace LOVE & Little Donuts.  We have been to the Strip District location many times. I am very happy that the Monroeville location is much closer. I like watching them decorate the donuts right in front of me. The smell & taste are so worth the extra cost. A must try for any donut lover !!  I like bakery, baked goods, so much better then store bought. "Vincent Pizza Park in Forest Hills is the home of the ""Vinnie Pie"" which has been a family staple for 30+ years. We have traveled the journey with the ""Vinnie Pie"" through good I love stopping here for a quick bit. The sandwiches are great! I like the inside dining area as well. It's a great place for gas, quick food and drinks ! Clean, friendly and fast.  Highly recommend his sheetz !! I have had lunch at Storms several times and dinner only once. It is a great lunch spot for business people and town shoppers that know where to find it. Storms is located on 4th street, in the basement of the Law & Finance Building.  I have been to this hospital many times as a visitor, this afternoon as a patient in need of the emergency room.  This park has changed over the years. I believe it has changed for the good. It is a shame that more people don't get a chance to sit and relax during the nicer days.  This location of Burlington might be the only shopping left in downtown Pittsburgh that I am aware of.  We have stopped at Uno's in the Waterfront, several times in the past. Dinner or lunch has always been a hit or miss.  Pasquale's Pizza in Penn Hills isn't a bad place to take the kids for a reasonably priced dinner. The kids love it. The service is great for the several times we have been there. The pizza is hot and served promptly. I like the can sodas, just enough for the little ones. The restaurant is clean and offers plenty of tables and seats for a family of four to six. For a chain pizza shop the prices are reasonable and the food isn't bad either. I have to comment on the restrooms - clean and safe for little ones. They offer coupons. The best summer and school picnic memories are the Potato Patch Fries. Who hasn't gone to Kennywood and not tried the fries?  You either love them or hate them, for me I am a LOVER. It is a must visit, when at the park. Thick hand-cut fries with the skins on, covered in a choice of toppings. The family love's their fries smothered in gravy. I prefer the garlic or season salt. Potato Patch Fries are a meal in itself.  First ones in the shop on a Tuesday morning.  I have been to several of the Five Guys locations in Pittsburgh. The best ever lunch at a Five Guys was in the Atlanta Airport. Less greasy then most I have ordered. The Monroeville location is the one that the family has frequent the most. The downtown location is great for a lunch break during family business lunch time.  I am a little bias because of a family member once was a Manager of the Five Guys restaurant group. He has since moved on to somewhere else in the food industry.  Just to update:  The dogs in the photo's are my two Daughter's puppies !! Those are the puppies that have need for The Dog Stop.. Just love them, they have taken such good care of them.  A friend and I purchased tickets to the Allegheny West Christmas House Tours in December of 2016, this past year. One of the brunch stops they suggested, was Lola Bistro. I am so glad we decided to go before our tour, what a wonderful addition to our day. Lola Bistro is a lovely intimate small bistro with 30 seats at the most. Michael and Yelena, served an excellent brunch menu for those taking the tour. The brunch was excellent ! Lola Bistro is truly a hidden gem on the North Side. We will definitely return next year for the tour as well as a special trip for dinner. Many have suggested the seven layer Russian Cake, I am so looking forward to trying. I would suggest making reservations. It is a limited menu, but so well worth it. I also like the fact that it is also a BYOB, that is becoming my favorite way to dine. I don't travel to the North Side often, but I will definitely make a trip just for dinner at Lola Bistro. "We have always noticed the gyro food truck in front of  the Brew Gentlemen's Brewery in Braddock  traveling on our way to the Waterfront, and have always wanted to stop. They have not always been there, so check their site on facebook and Instagram to make sure they are before traveling and being disappointed as we have been several times.  WE LOVE GYRO""s and will travel to get a really great one as many of my post Being of Scottish and English decent, we had to try The Pub Chip Shop. For years we would travel to find Scottish and English pub food. We do like Pipers Pub, and Clauddah. Finding good Scottish pastry is hard to find. The local Scottish bakery went out of business years ago. Traveling to the Highland Games each year for just the pastry was getting old. Our daughters are no longer Highland dancing. A drive to Ohio isn't always possible either for Scottish pastry. We did find the same vendor at the Highland Games is in Ohio. We do follow a Scottish Rock band - Seven Nations, but they don't always have a venue with Scottish food available. The Burns Dinner in Bethel Park isn't always on a night that we are able to attend. Okay making a long story short...  We LOVE The Pub Chip Shop. The serve and food was awesome !!  We ate in and also took some home with us to have on another day. Highly recommend !! I LOVE the Sausage Rolls, The Steak-Ale Pie and the Sheppard's Pie. The Fish/Chips was great. The Scottish Eggs are to die for. Repeat customers for sure. I am not a baker by no means. Finding a great bakery is always a plus. I worked for two bakeries in my younger years. Growing up with Italian family bakers, Moio's reminds me of my wonderful Italian Aunts who baked all those goodies as well ! We had Moio's design and bake a cake for our daughter's wedding. EXCELLENT !! so many complemented on the cake and we have referred many to the bakery. We had ordered several cookie trays as well for different occasions over the years. What I love the most is that you can get a piece of cake by the slice. One slice of HEAVEN!. White Pineapple with Raspberries slice of cake, is my favorite. Well worth getting a slice. We mix and match cake slices with each and every visit.  Moio's is a bit on the expensive side, but worth every penny if your welling to spend on great pastries. Yes there are other great bakeries still left in Pittsburgh, but Moio's is the Best in the East. Family owned always friendly and accommodating. HIGHLY Recommend a visit. I do love that Peace, Love and Little Donuts, has a closer store to me, but when visiting the strip it is still a must stop!  Best produce market in the Strip District  of Pittsburgh.  Simple Gourmet is truly a gem in Forest Hills. Julie the owner is such a wonderful person and I am so glad to see her shop do so well. She is friendly and caring with everyone she meets. The food is excellent. A simple sandwich, which can't be beat in any store or restaurant.  Food for Thought is a New York style deli, a little out of the way in Oakland on North Craig. It is close to my doctors office and I enjoy stopping when I have an appointment. I order the Corned Beef sandwich with a fruit salad every time. Great deli sandwich. I like eating in and having a change to sit and relax and catch up on the news on the TV or talk with the friendly staff.  I have never been disappointed. The homemade soups are great, especially the chicken noodle or chicken rice. Boars head is a great meat product, I like that you can order it from the deli as take home and avoid a trip to the grocery store. Food for Thought offers discount coupons in the entertainment books in the area if you can find them. Highly Recommend !! Lunch was really excellent today! In the past it has been hit or miss, but today, Perfect !!!  As a family we have never had a bad experience here. Everyone loves it! The food has always been fresh, hot and served to our liking.  I LOVE SUSHI ! Sushi & Rolls have Excellent sushi! I love watching them make the sushi for me. The Chicken Teriyaki from the kitchen is to die for. The very best Teriyaki I have ever tasted. Sweet and rich taste. This hidden little gem is located in the Oxford Building, Downtown in the food court, behind the escalators. It is so worth the trip or a stop on a day in town. Downtown workers don't miss this inexpensive, excellent lunch.  The owners are so friendly and a pleasure to talk with. Here at Sushi & Roll you will find fresh sushi, a clean and inviting eat in or take out dining experience. Highly recommend and support regularly when possible. After have a not so great meal, we stopped for dessert! The kids loved the ice cream vanilla cones. I really enjoyed my berry smoothie.  Trader Joe's on Penn Avenue, has been a great addition to the revitalization of East Liberty. Well stocked, friendly store that I always spend more than planned, but so well worth it. I love the Fearless Flyer Newsletter, so informative and gives me the sale prices and items. I have both the email addition and the postal mail, subscribe to both.  I like the produce section the most, always a good deal and value if you look for it. The fresh flower section is always so fresh and colorful. Yes there is a small negative that you must overcome, The parking. The parking is horrible, but it is not the fault of the grocery store, It would be nice if it sat on the end of the strip mall and parking was everywhere, but it is something we must contend with and many of us do. I like bringing my own bags, it adds to the experience and feeling of health and conservation. The staff has always been friendly and helpful each trip I make. I think that Trader Joe's in Pittsburgh should sell alcohol,( okay just wine)  to make it a one stop shop. From my prior post some will read that I am a huge Chinese, Japanese, Sushi, Hibachi LOVER. )
(39,null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null null)
(yVMvS4Q7JTxHALm8CTwSZQ,This is an excellent park.  Here's what I like: Their made-to-order salads are really good!  You order from a touch-screen kiosk. They have sandwiches, too. You pick everything you want on your salad, including meats, cheeses, veggies, and toppings. It prints a ticket, you take the ticket to check-out to pay, then the food prep folks call your number, and you have your custom salad! The Strip is great.  Here are a bunch of local shops and restaurants, tons of flavor, tons of ethnicity and variety.  This is what a downtown city should be like.  There is one ton of parking nearby.  Yes, you'll walk some, but you should enjoy walking in this city, it's part of the experience. This is some of the best airport food there is.  I've not had everything on the menu, but I will tell you the Tomato & Blue Cheese Soup is excellent.  (There's a lump of blue, right in the middle, and it's kind of melted and a bit golden on top, so they've run it through the broiler.  Don't stir it in, just grab little bits of it with each spoon full.) Here's a great, in-town park.  This is the kind of  REAL park that lots of groups and individuals use for a wide variety of enjoyable things.  All cities need one or more of these. I like. Having shopped for granite and stone across greater Pittsburgh, I like Troy best.  In addition to a very broad selection of stones to see, their staff provides lots of helpful information about stones, finishes, installation details, and other options. This is a very good Target. Customer Service is very helpful. The manager, Quinton, is excellent and helped me solve a problem recently.  All the facts are well documented in other reviews.  Let me say I enjoy this park almost daily.  I love it, and think it's a key feature in Pittsburgh, especially for the North Shore. Here's more art for the city.  I'll skip the details others have already nailed.  I'll add that it's so accessible to anyone walking along the North Shore.  If you're at PNC Park or Heinz Field, or Andy Warhol, you're already here, you've already parked - plan to take a walk over here and spend a few minutes. This is a really nice Starbuck's.  I've been to perhaps thousands of theses, all over the country.  Like rating a gas station, I usually struggle to find meaningful comments.  But, that said, here's my take: I really like this place.  This place is great.  Food is excellent and the service is personable. The Phipps Conservatory is excellent.  Good for individuals, good for students, good for families with young kids, good for seniors. I like this place.  I've purchased two sets of tires here so far, and I have had good service and gotten a decent deal each time. This is a great trail system.  The city scenery is phenomenal.  Love it. IRON BORN PIZZA:  This review is for Iron Born - It is fabulous!  Please accept that I am a bit of a pizza expert.  I eat pizza all over (Chicago, New York, Pittsburgh, Atlanta, London, and Rome). I like.  This place is EXCELLENT! Good pizza, very nice folks, and good service August, 2016 - This place has expanded and remodeled. For an airport coffee joint, it's really very good. They do a nice job.  I fly all the airlines, and have since about 1993, mostly domestically, but a with a few international trips, too.  Overall, Southwest is quite good. This is a very good river.  I have driven over and observed many, key rivers in the world, including the Thames, the Seine, the Mississippi, the Olentangy, the Ohio, the Allegheny, and the Snake River.  To be clear, the Mon is great, but it's no Allegheny.  Still, there is much to like here.  It's wide.  It's slow moving, so people can use it like a long lake, running boats, kayaks, paddle-boards, and personal watercraft up and down.  And, of course, the good parts are in downtown Pittsburgh, so the scenery is excellent. This is good - one of the best choices in Fox Chapel. I like. Here's my take: This is such a cool bridge.  Of the three Sister Bridges, this one is the best, and slightly underrated by visitors.  Andy and Roberto get all the attention.  Do yourself a favor:  walk another block and check out Rachel! This place just works. I have to have a blood test every two weeks, so I've been here MANY times.  UPDATE - Tried BZ's again, this time with my lovely wife.  It was really good.  Here are some real positives: Okay, this is one of my favorite bridges in the 'burgh.  Here's why I love it: This place is great.  The service is top-notch.  I am always greeted at the door, usually by Mr. Wan himself.  The restaurant is spotlessly clean, and yes, even the washrooms are clean. On the Pittsburgh Bridge Scale, this one is pretty strong.  Come and see the architecture and see for yourself.  In addition to making a nice back-drop for a photo, this bridge connects downtown to Station Square (for what that's worth...), crossing the Monongahela in the process. This place is really good. Very good, lots to like. This is another great REI.  This is a big, well-stocked store.  The people who work there are knowledgeable and helpful.  The bike-shop techs are extremely helpful and will go out of their way to make sure your bike is safe and set up properly. Here's another great chunk of Pittsburgh history.  If you're in Point State Park, you are missing out if you don't come and see the Blockhouse and read a bit about it and your town (or the town you're visiting). I really like this place! This is a great mall.  It is pretty large, with two floors and lots of stores.  It is clean and appears to generally be pretty well managed.  The food court is pretty broad, and the washrooms are fairly clean. I had a great experience here.  This new facility is great, clean, well lighted, and easy to navigate.  The seats are even pretty comfortable. I've had good experiences here. I'm battling cancer and have been here several times.  This place is amazing.  I don't do 5-stars often, either. This place is GREAT. This AAA is very large, has its own, free parking lot, and is staffed by helpful people.  I was able to renew my vehicle registration in 10 minutes, total.  I love it.  This is my new, favorite place. This is an excellent tunnel.  Yes, I'm serious.  Here's why. I like it.  I've only been once, but it was a good experience. I like this place, mostly for it's atmosphere and location.  My double espresso was very good excellent.  The barista was professional and friendly.  I will go back and try more coffee drinks, and will update this review if necessary. This is great.  This is an excellent feature of a great park.  You cannot appreciate its scale without getting up close.  And the height of it varies daily.  I don't know why.  Sometimes it's less than half its max. It's good.  These folks are great and I am very impressed.  Here is what I have experienced: Very good!  I've only been here once, so I'll update after my next visit, and we could reach 5-stars.  It's really good.  Here's why: This is one of the better Supercuts I've tried. It's modern looking and pretty clean inside. The hair stylists seem professional and friendly.   Heinz Hall is excellent.  It is, I think, the perfect size.  Not sure how many seats it has, but it's big enough to host important events, but small enough to maintain some intimacy.  Acoustically, it works well for me, sounding warm, but also allowing me to hear the brighter sounds well, too.  There is little resonance. I really like this Houlihan's, for several good reasons:  They keep the menu fresh, with seasonal side-menus, so there is usually something new.  The service, for this price-point, is above what I typically see, especially in this area.  Servers typically know their menus and dishes well, and can answer questions in detail. This is a good mall.  Here's what I like: This is a great trail.  It's pretty short, wish it were longer, but here's what's good: This place exceeded my expectations. This is a really nice store!  It's clean and well merchandised, and it's pretty big.  They are well staffed with people out on the floor, which I really like.  If I have a question about something, there is always somebody close by. Great coffee beans! Okay, I'm impressed.  This place is great. I really like it.  Another great Nordstrom.  The difference in customer service between Nordstrom and its competitors is wide.  I get real help here, real service.  This is not the largest Nordstrom I've visited, so the size and color selection is not quite as deep as one of their biggies, but it's what I expect in a suburban mall, really. Here's another great Pittsburgh yellow bridge.  It's pedestrian friendly and least over to PNC Park.  What's not to love?  Stop and read the bronze plaque to learn a bit about a great ball player. Update:  I've been here 20 times now. It's quite good. If you like this chain's food, you'll like this one.  It delivers. This is an excellent city park!  Come to walk, run, or bike (it's connected to lots of other trails).  You'll see Heinz Park, PNC Park, the Carnegie Science Center, and, of course, our beautiful sky-scape and rivers. I'm upping them to 4 stars, based on repeated success at the drive through.  Nobody is quicker.  It just works.  I order, I pay, and I get my food, all in seconds.  I usually get a salad, and they do a nice job - fresh lettuce, well prepared other bits. Pittsburghs bridges and tunnels are defining features of this big town.  Paris gets props for a few neat bridges.  I've been there.  They're lovely.  And our bridges are every bit as romantic, beautiful, and picturesque. Quite good.  It's an upscale, modern/classic setting that's great for a quiet lunch or dinner.  Food is fresh. The menu is concise but offers some variety. Service is efficient, supporting my dining experience without any song/dance. (Sometimes I want a semi-intimate dining experience without establishing a deep, personal relationship with my server.) This place is extremely cool.  Yes, it's in a big old church.  Yes, the beer is great.  I've had limited food here, but what I had was very decent.  I need to re-visit, and when I do, I'll write more. This is one of America's TOP baseball stadiums.  Here's why I love it: This is a great sculpture in the heart of downtown.  We need this, and we need more like it.  If you've not seen it, I'll suggest it's not a big enough deal for a stand-alone trip.  But still, if you are anywhere near, have a look and add a review of your own. This is a great steakhouse. Here's what I like: This is a fine bridge.  It's Alamon yellow, as most good bridges are.  It is nearly indistinguishable from it's sisters - the Rachel Cason (9th Street) and the Roberto Clemente.  This place is surprisingly good!  My family and I were captive customers, having already ponied up for pay-parking and having paid our admission to Phipps.  Then we got hungry. Really good little place. Great coffee house! I really like Central Diner.  This is excellent! "I have only been here once so far, but the Wicked BLT I had was excellent.  In addition to thick bacon coked just right for a BLT, slightly crispy, but still a little chewy (key to a good BLT), it had this tasty, spicy mayo (the ""wicked"" part I shopped here and ended up purchasing a new car here.  Overall, I had a very good experience. Very good and interesting place. This place is better than I expected.  Food is quite good.  As you would expect, they have a huge bar, with a decent list of beers on tap.  It's large, well laid-out, and has lots of tables and seating, so they can accommodate lots of customers. Crust is excellent!  Here's what I love: Good folks.  I had a great car buying experience here.  My sales person was professional, easy going, and honest.  He and this dealership did exactly what they said they would do. This place is really good.  They make a good, smooth latte, and the service is great.  Highly underrated. Bado's is good. As skylines go, Pittsburgh's is very good.  Here's why it's so good: This place is EXCELLENT.  I do not go five-star very often.  This is an unassuming, humble, little place on Beverly in Mt. Lebo that vastly exceeded my expectations. I'm a business traveler, and get to sample all the airlines.  I've flown Delta for 20+ years.  They are doing very well these days. Excellent!  What a pleasant surprise this place is. I like Harpers.  I have not had everything on the menu, but what I have had has been good.  In particular, their flat-bread pizza appetizer is good, as are their salads.  I had a cheese pasta dish that was excellent, with some sharp cheeses in it that surprised me. This is a very good bank branch, folks.  I've only been here three or four times, but each time, I don't wait long, the tellers are pretty friendly, and I get done what I went in to do. This is a great coffee house. The beans are good and the service is friendly. A nice surprise is that they also make great sandwiches, both hot and cold. This place is really good. Here's what I like: Still excellent. I've been back several times since my first review. I continue to LOVE this pizza.  It's clean. It's quick. The bread is fresh and soft. The folks are nice. What more could I ask?  This is a very good Subway. JC and his crew do a very nice job. They did packing and moving for my family and me. Pricing was reasonable and when our job took a bit longer than planned, they honored the quote and got it done.  This place is a gem! "This is a very good Panera.  In addition to very consistent delivery of food quality (i.e., if you like another Panera's food, you'll like this one's, too), the employees here are just a little EXTRA helpful.  For example, I can almost never clean up my own table.  A nice person in a Panera apron always shows up just as I stand up and says ""I'll get that for you.""  And)
(9E35LB29RXJixo0563Iwew,Loving that I have the taste of NY so close to home.  Shake Shack is a delicious chain based out of NY.   5 Star Upgrade!! I've been coming regularly for the last month, consistency is key.  Really enjoy the burger and fries every time I visit!! Best burger and fries in the area, great value also!! 1/4lb International and Cheese with french fries for $5.42 after tax, such a solid price.  If you're driving by do yourself a favor and stop in and enjoy the smells and the food!! El Charro is a staple for Mexican Food in Mesa.  I've been driving by this place for nearly 30 years and everyone I know has been there lol.  They have been open since 1958, so if you grew up in or around Mesa you probably have been there also.   It was 11:30, I was near Central and Camelback and popped into a local restaurant that closed at midnight but the kitchen was already closed at 11pm.   I had the pleasure of enjoying this wonderful meal with my sister, who is a regular here, and they treat her like royalty!! The Galbi was amazing!! Very delicious, cooked for us by the extremely friendly wait staff.  The complimentary salad and banchan was extremely tasty.  We had Galbi and Bulgogi and both were above average.  I can't believe this place only has 3.5 stars, definitely underrated!! I heard there was a fire there and they were closed for a period of time, but they're back up and running and the food was delicious. Wow what a spread.  At $52 a head for dinner, it is a bit pricey, but the meal and service were fantastic.  I feel like I would be leaving a 5 star review if the price for dinner was priced at $40 or less.  My wife (vegetarian) was able to enjoy just the salad bar but at $27, also a bit pricey. Very happy with our suite at the Palazzo. We stayed in a luxury king suite and were not disappointed. Extremely clean and comfortable with all the amenities you could hope for. 3 TVs, a big comfortable couch and bed, and a large bathroom with a good size tub. The staff was friendly and accommodating. Many great restaurants and shopping nearby.  Only thing I didn't like was the pillows, I figured they would be down just like the Encore and Wynn but they were cheapo's. Wow this location is huge!! The mixed drinks are amazing, the pretzel bites and cheese fondue were off the charts!  My chicken sandwich was so delicious and definitely a huge portion.  The french fries were ok, but everything else was delicious.  The service was really good, our waitress was super friendly. Pretty hip crowd, might have to bust out the cool kid clothes when you come in into CDO, jk, but the atmosphere screams hipster.  Drinks are on the pricey side but are made well.  Definitely check this place out if you're out in Tempe, it's in the perfect location to grab a great meal if you're thinking of hitting Mill Ave for a night out. This is as cool as it gets for a vintage furniture store.  Some really amazing mid century pieces filled up their decently sized showroom.  All of their furniture and decor is hand picked and you can tell the staff is passionate about what they do.  I'm absolutely in love with the furniture here, after shopping around I know I'll be back soon to purchase a modern mid century credenza for our house.  They're actually priced very competitively when I was comparing to other furniture stores around town (Copenhagen, West Elm, Restoration Hardware) and their pieces are vintage, not mass produced with crappier materials.  If I could afford it, I'd decorate my entire place with the furniture and decor from their store.  Can't wait to come back and see what new treasurers they have available! Melt was yum. Legit ice cream spot in the middle of Roosevelt Row. The line was long but it went quickly. We all got scoops of ice cream served in Chinese takeout containers and adorned with fortune cookies. Careful not to get too excited and eat the entire fortune cookie, paper and all, like my buddy did. Oops. Ha.  1.  Punch card redeemable for $17.99 FREE wash after ten washes. Friendly staff and a great facility to shoot firearms.  I am able to bring my own firearms and rent a lane to shoot targets.  They offer a military/Law Enforcement discount which is 50% off lane rentals.  I would recommend buying ammunition at a sporting goods store or Walmart before coming to shoot, it is quite expensive here.   Really enjoyed my whole experience at Pizza Heaven. We came in on a Friday night for a pick up order, but stayed to enjoy the live music at the bar for a while as well. Also stoked because they deliver to my neighborhood, which I would've guessed is outside the delivery area.  I love this venue!  I used to work security here back in the day when it was called Dodge Theater. Surprisingly I haven't been into a Schlotzsky's in over 10 years.  I was with my dad in the area and we were looking for something quick for lunch so we stopped in.  I can say this, Jason was amazing, very friendly and humored my father by laughing at his jokes.   MVPita is a new restaurant that just opened in November. MVP was affordable. I got a two item: chicken shawarma and shish kabob plate and my wife got a falafel pita pocket all for around $18. Mine came with salad and MVP French fries.  Defiantly worth a visit if your craving a healthy meal packed full of flavor.  The French fries and the Steak Shish Kabob were the clear standouts for me.  My Wife said the falafel pita was not bad but nothing special.  The steak kabob was good enough for me to want to come back. Thai Plates is such a solid find.  Finally some decent Asian food in Mesa.  I've been staying at a family member's house out here in Mesa while we have been closing on our house in Phoenix and I wish I had tried Thai Plates sooner. It's definitely the best Asian cuisine on this side of town.   This location was closed for over a year and I  am so stoked that they're back. These are the BEST tacos on the strip PERIOD. They are so good, when I would visit Vegas last year I would make the journey off strip into a real seedy part of town to wait an hour in line to enjoy these tacos. And it was worth it. I'm excited to see them back on the strip and still operated by the same owners. The quality has not changed. Before this business closed down last year it had thousands of reviews and a solid 4.5/5 star rating. Not only is this the best street taco place in Vegas, this could be the best street tacos in the United States. Besides the classics: carne Asada, pastor, pollo Asada, they also offer specialty items like lengua, cabeza, tripa, sesos, chorizo, the list goes on and on. Everything is authentic and delicious. All the tortillas are made in front of you. The meat is grilled in front of you. Everything is fresh and made to order. At their price point, it will be one of the least expensive meals you can eat in Vegas and easily the most delicious. Even though I drive past the Miracle Mile probably once or twice a day, it wasn't until yesterday I actually got to stop in and try it out.   What's not to love about this nostalgic batting cage!  I've been coming to Home Run Stadium for the last couple decades (Robo Pitch era).  A $1 token get's you (20) balls to hit.  They have free bats to use, or rent an upgraded bat for $1.  There is roughly 14-15 cages with various speeds for baseball and softball.  They recently remodeled the netting and extended hours of operation till 9pm.  I find myself coming all the way from Phoenix to use this cage because I genuinely love vibe here. Took a while to make it out here because this spot is a little west of me but man, I make the trip at least once a week if not more!!! The best tacos in Phoenix in my opinion.   I had the Pulled Pork Brisket Bahn Mi and my wife had the Cobb Salad minus the turkey and bacon.  The portions are on the smaller side for the salad, at $18.95 I would think the portion would be bigger or they discount it because the protein wasn't used as ingredients.  Everything was really tasty and the the complimentary baguette was a nice touch.  Expect to spend $50+ for a couple's lunch if you order cocktails.  The view of all the action on the strip and tasty food wield a solid 4 Star rating. "Weather it's Ned's or Steve's you can't go wrong ordering a Krazy Sub.  I've been coming to Ned's at this location for nearly 15 years, usually a couple times a week when I was in High School.  It's nice to know years later when I'm back in the neighborhood I can still enjoy those same flavors, it still taste great.  I think it has to do with that homemade bread, it's the perfect consistency and really makes the sandwich complete.  Lunch special is $7.50 which includes a 12"" sub Good selection of hip women's running gear and shoes. The staff was really helpful. They were able to order a shoe I was interested in that they didn't have in stock. They also were the only store, of about 15 stores I checked, that had Adidas Ultra Boost in stock so my wife got to try them on. Even though they were a couple sizes too big. After my second stay at the fabulous Encore Las Vegas, it was only right to review the best hotel rooms on the strip. What a wonderful place to enjoy the afternoon with great company.  This was my second visit to The Farm and boy the weather was prime for it.  We ate at the lunch restaurant because we got to the Farm right at 1pm as the breakfast restaurant was closing.   Stopped into Lenny's today because I was craving a hamburger and have been wanting to give them a try.  I love the decor and old school diner theme.   Little pricy, but they have such a huge assortment.  We ordered a lobster tail, a couple of made to order cannoli's, some fondant cookies and a few other goodies. Presentation is on point. The lobster tail was very flaky and delicious with even tastier cream filling. I recommend trying it if you're on the fence about what to order because the selection is so big. We were lucky to be there during the holidays because their fondant cookies with all the festive designs will make great gifts. Zookz is serving up some really yummy sandwiches!  Their sandwich is definitely unique. The way the bread is toasted/pressed together makes it even more enjoyable.  I'm pretty sure the press used to make the sandwiches is proprietary so this was the first time I've had a sandwich pressed in this style. "MMmmm, this is a tasty burger""  Jules Winnfield  I chose the arrogant butcher for my birthday dinner this year.  Our reservation was about an hour before tip off so the restaurant was packed, but we were seated immediately because we had made a reservation.  How many restaurants does it take to make this guy happy?? Only Juan!! Urban Cookies has really opened up my eyes!! I don't even have to talk about the amazing cookies, they are absolutely delicious. Chocolate chip is my favorite, hands down.  But what I really love here are the Vegan Donuts!! Holy cow, I never thought vegan could be so delicious!!  I absolutely can't wait to head back and try more of the vegan donuts.  I would have never thought vegan desserts could taste so damn good.  The donut I had didn't taste like other traditional baked donuts I've had. It was so moist, like a miniature baked cake, with the perfect amount of chocolate icing!  Thanks for opening my eyes to some delicious vegan treats, Wow! I've had Carson Kitchen on my bookmark page for the last couple years and I'm so so so happy I finally was able to experience it. Stumbled upon The Short Leash Food Truck  while we were at Craftateria--which I would describe as a hipster swap meet--this evening.  Waited in line for around 20-30 minutes before it was our turn to order.  The prices are definitely reasonable, I ordered a Bratwurst Moki and my wife ordered a build your own veggie dog with like 10 toppings, I also wanted to sample the Jalapeño And Cheese Corn dog (at $3 I had to) and we had to get an order of fried pickles, and a bottle of Mexican Sprite. For $20 that seemed like a bargain, these food trucks are usually higher priced.  The food was all really good, I think I enjoyed the jalapeño and cheese corn dog the most, very tasty.  The fried pickles were nice and crispy!  Again I was taken back how inexpensive it was.  All in all I say it was worth the wait!! 5 STARS!! WOW!!! If you are a sweet junkie like myself, you must make your way to BAKESHOP!! The cupcake selection was awesome, we went with chocolate salted caramel and the triple vanilla which had vanilla custard filling!! I also went hard in the cookie department and picked up chocolate chip cookies, an oatmeal cream pie and a red velvet white chocolate chip whoopie pie!!  The chocolate chip cookie are to die for!! WOW! I absolutely cannot wait to come back and try everything else!!! Holy Smokes, mind blown!!! Everything is made fresh and can sell out, come early to get the best selection.  Also my wife wanted me to add how cute the decor and stuff were, lol. "Feeing blessed, that I have this amazing restaurant within walking distance to my new house.  The Tuck Shop is located in the heart of Coronado historic district.  I love the ""hipster"" feel you get when you walk through the door Walked into the Cornish Pasty around noon for lunch, the place was busy but still plenty of seating.  I've never been here before and had to order The Royale with Cheese because Pulp Fiction is my favorite movie.  I asked if I could of have it minus the mushrooms, they said no because the pasties are all pre-made.  No worries, just a heads up you get what's on the menu.  They had a Chai Cider on special for $3, it was really good!!  My Royale with Cheese was basically a cheese burger and fries wrapped up and baked into a pasty, it was delicious and I didn't even taste the mushrooms lol.  I was actually hesitant on coming here because I'm not one for calzones, and the menu just seemed heavy, but I was taken back on how yummy it was.  I'll be back and bring the wife, they had a ton of vegetarian options. Hunting for authentic Mexican food??  La Santisima is the REALS!! They have over a dozen salsas in their salsa bar and let you help yourself with the complimentary basket of chips.  I ordered (2) Carne Asada and (1) Al Pastor taco and added the rice and beans for a total of $8.97.  Let me start by saying your food comes out piping hot on a hot plate.  The food is made fresh and it shows.  The refried beans were delicious, really creamy, and flavorful. The rice was not dry and also way above average in taste.  The Asada was so flavorful and tender. Definitely better than most places I frequent. The beef was not chewy at all and has an almost melt in your mouth consistency.  The Al Pastor was also amazing with all fresh ingredients including the pineapple.  If you're in the Coronado area, do yourself a favor and check out this little gem! The cozy corner is everything you want and need for a local breakfast joint.   "Feeling like a burrito fix or craving anything off a ""Bertos"" type menu?  Senior Taco is your place if your in the area.  Consistency Happy St. Patrick's Day :-) It was Midnight on a Saturday and I was famished.  Mexican sounded satisfying, so I hit up Taco Mich.   Another gem in Coronado, a lovey brunch spot that closes at 2.  You order right at the counter and they bring the food to you when it's finished.  I went with the Shepard's Biscuit and my wife ordered the Crispy Breakfast Naan Bread.   Rainbow Donut is your legit neighborhood donut spot. I've had my eyes on The Gladly since we moved back to Phoenix a few months back.  Tonight we had our chance to try it. "Hispanic ""Whole Foods"" is what I'd like to call this market.  I absolutely love all the marinated meats in the butcher's department I figured it was about time to write a review of Windsor.  I love a lot of things about this awesome restaurant.  Windsor is probably my favorite of all the Upward Projects concepts.  The reason being, the atmosphere.  I absolutely love the dog friendly patio, what a great place to enjoy the AZ weather, along side a tasty beverage and some delicious food.   My buddy wanted to get breakfast on my side of town and wanted to give Vovomeena a go cause he had heard great things. "Postinos is the perfect place to take a date. The music is great, the lighting is low, the decor is hip, the staff is friendly and the food and wine...top notch for relatively reasonable prices. I'm not a big salad ""fan"" but their raspberry chicken salad was probably the best salad I've ever had. Perfect combination of sweet and savory. Also can't go without ordering a bruschetta board--every combo we've had is delicious and fresh. My favorites are the fresh mozzarella and tomato I'm always excited try new Korean restaurants because Korean food is my absolute favorite!!  I stumbled into Gogi because I was on my way to Lee Lee Market to pick up some ingredients for a meal I was going to cook this weekend and had to give it a try.  I usually always order Galbi as the first meal at any Korean restaurant so I can have a baseline to compare.  It was good, the quality of the short ribs were decent, not too fatty and not much gristle.  The portion for $21 was average to other Korean restaurants. I thought it was going to be huge because my wife's Bibimbap bowl, which came out first, was enormous.  The banchan was good, nothing special.  I was happy when I asked if they had Kkakdugi and they were able to bring some out of the back!! All in all it was a solid Korean restaurant and I would gladly come back. Nino's is my go to local spot for delicious, simple, Greek food. They are consistent in quality. They have friendly service. The portions are big. The restaurant itself is small, but I've always seen open tables. I normally take my food to go. The Greek salad is on point. The souvlaki is good. My wife loves the falafel pita. If they sold loukamades for dessert, I would be in heaven. Sadly, thats one thing that's missing. But as it sits now, it's a great, fast, reasonably priced, local spot for Greek food. Been coming to Valley Bar a lot since moving back to the Downtown Phoenix area.   A solid five star rating. TEN does it right!!! From the moment you walk in, the atmosphere grabs a hold of you.  This was our first visit to TEN and we came during happy hour, so we had to sample it all.  We ordered the Shrimp and Gritcake, Fish Tacos, Braised Beef Tacos, and Fried Green Tomatoes.  All the dishes we ordered were off Happy Hour menu and were really cheap!! For what you get, this place is a must visit at Happy Hour!!!  We sampled 4 items and had 2 of their signature cocktails and our bill was less than $30. I can't stress this enough--this is a MUST visit for happy hour. Everything was so good! We also had friendly and prompt service. Our food was out very quickly, the drinks were strong but well mixed, and my wife also enjoyed the tunes they were playing. We will definitely be back, but I will try hard to come back during happy hour because the value was tremendous! I've heard great things about Chodang so we made the trip out to Chandler and celebrated my father's 70th birthday there. Went here for lunch with my half Vietnamese brother and he loved it. He grew up in Phoenix and actually remembered coming here as a child 25 years ago! The service was great and thanks to his helpful Vietnamese ordering skills we were able to try a variety of things that i normally wouldn't consider but found out that i love. Pho was delicious and very reasonably priced. Fried egg rolls were so good as well as an appetizer with rice paper and sugar cane shrimp which i can't remember the name of but I'll never forget those flavors. Have to order the iced coffee for a sweet pick me up after the meal. This isn't your trendy hipster Vietnamese spot, this is a timeless, authentic, Vietnamese cultural experience. Can't wait to go back. This was my first time at an all you can eat Korean restaurant and despite the 45 min to an hour wait on a Wednesday night, it did not disappoint. Ban Chan was delicious and plentiful. The servers were very attentive and constantly refilling or asking if we needed more. We went on a feeding frenzy--Galbi, bulgolgi, Hawaiian chicken, gyoza, jap chae, garlic calamari, Korean fried chicken---sometimes seconds on each item. As long as the grill is empty after 2 hours there's no up-charge and each person pays $27.99 each i believe. We were very satisfied with the food. It's a good option if you want to try several Korean dishes for a reasonable price. Come hungry! Discovered this awesome, delicious neighborhood Vietnamese restaurant when my brother was in town and was craving Pho.   Didn't even realize this spot was so close to home and so glad i found it! Had a late lunch here Saturday afternoon and it was so delicious. Tacos were excellent--del mar, asada, you can tell they use good quality ingredients and the flavors are all on point. Their house made salsas are amazing. My friend ordered the chilaquiles and said that was very good as well. Lots of vegetarian options. Don't forget the churros! Pretty big helping, great for sharing and a fine way to end the meal. Will be back for sure--would love to check out happy hour specials. What can I say that hasn't already been mentioned about Burland, they know how to do business the right way!  The Burland Jewelry Center still knows the meaning of customer service.  Everyone I encountered in their store was extremely friendly, knowledgable and most of all, professional.  I  was able to design a custom engagement ring using materials from another ring.  The turnaround time was lighting quick, and the price was really reasonable.  If you are looking to get a ring reset, this is the place to go!!!  I would highly recommend Burland for any of your jewelry needs!! "I've been back a few times and all I can say is, ""more please""!  What really prompted me to update my review was the brunch options!!  Today was my first time experiencing the brunch menu and it was awesome!! My Fried Chicken and Waffle sandwich was amazing!!  The crunchy skin and juicy tender chicken took center stage for me This place is solid little find for BBQ.  I know everyone talks about the burritos, but I've been addicted to the brisket sandwich!! 1/2lb Brisket Sandwich add a scoop of slaw!! Man I've been telling myself I'd order a burrito each time I've come back but I have always gone to the brisket sandwich lol.  Great BBQ spot in the groves on Val Vista near 202 (north side).  I wish they did Ribs on more days then just Saturday.  They make there own BBQ sauces and they are amazing.  Only thing I'd like to see there is a good Potato Salad and some baked beans would be some awesome additions, only sides offered now is Macaroni Salad, Cole Slaw, Chips and Salsa.  All in all I'd recommend J Bucks if want some great tasting BBQ but they only have Brisket and Pulled Pork and Ribs on Saturdays.  So not many options but the Brisket is really good.  I can't speak on the Burros but the BBQ is worth stopping in for :-) Professional service at an affordable price.  We had around 4-5 companies come out and give the bid for installing a soft water loop, American Home Water and Air was the clear cut choice.  Very happy with our unit, and the 10 year parts and labor warranty is the icing on the cake I've driven by Lee's dozens of times and never even bothered to stop or was curious as to what they had to offer.   Flower child is always consistently delicious and nutritious. I never feel guilty about ordering whatever i want on the menu because i know I'm going to get a filling, healthy meal with high quality, fresh ingredients every time. The menu also changes seasonally so you're always getting the freshest selection. Today i had a mushroom pho noodle soup which was unbelievably delicious. Can't go wrong with any of their salads -- the Skinny Cobb is my favorite. It's a bit pricy to add my favorite protein (steak) but it's always delicious. Their wraps are also excellent and their daily soups and grain bowls never disappoint either. Overall, my wallet wouldn't want me to eat here every week but my taste buds and waste line wouldn't mind one bit. Delicious, healthy food. I purchased a home at the beginning of 2016 that had a small Termite problem in only (1) area of the house.  The sellers had contracted another company (Budget Brothers) to drill and treat the home and transferred the home warranty to us.  We were under warranty with this company till nearly the end of 2017.   Welcome Diner was a welcome distraction in an otherwise very busy day. We had heard it was one of the best places to eat in Phoenix, and I can see why. Delicious, home style, southern food.  "Very good Thai restaurant in Chandler.  As soon as we walked up, the host opened the door and we were greeted with a huge smile, I could tell I was gonna really enjoy my dining experience tonight.  I could just feel the positive energy.  The Tom Kha Veggie soup was really really delicious!  I also had Beef Pad Thai (medium spicy) and it was also amazing.  The ""medium"" level of spicy wasn't as hot as other Thai Restaurants I've been to.  I could of probably went spicier but the medium was still really good My first visit at Barrio Cafe went over very well and I can't wait to come back. I had a few buddies in town and we were cruising around downtown on our bicycles after 1st Friday.  We wound up at Cobra around 1am and we had to wait in line for 5-10 minutes before we could enter.  What a cool atmosphere, vintage hipster vibes for sure.  Big bar right in the center of the building, with 25-30 classic arcade games throughout.  There was a DJ spinning great music and plenty of people getting down on the dance floor.  We checked in and used our 10 Free tokens on some of the awesome games they had!!  The games were 80s and 90s Video Arcade Games, I.E. The Simpsons, Ms. Pac Man, NBA Jam, Street Fighter, Tekken, Killer Instinct, TMNT Game, Donkey Kong, and my all time favorite Blitz 99  among several other classics!  All the games we played were only 1 token each so the 10 free tokens went a long way.  I can't wait to come back. Awesome place to grab a drink and play some of your childhood favorites!! If you like good old fashioned hot dogs and hamburgers, you need to stop by Ted's when in the area.  Simple food, grilled the right way, in front of you with real hardwood charcoal.  It's all about the tech, the prodding, poking and scraping of the dog while its grilling, gives it that perfect consistency.  I've been coming to Ted's for over a decade and I can say they've never done me wrong.  The fries and onion strings are delicious, not sure if they do a half and half bag but that would be awesome, because the portion is huge.  I try and stop by when I'm in the area, I used to frequent this place weekly when I lived in Tempe years ago.  It's will definitely satisfy any hot dog or burger cravings!! What an amazing hidden gem located in the heart of downtown Phoenix.  No signage, just look for the red light and the door man in the alley.   What's not to love about a real deal dive bar! Friendly staff and consistency makes this Pete's Location a score for me.  Since 1947 Pete's has been a staple within the valley.   I've only been frequenting this location for the past year but they've never done me wrong.  Every time I taste that red sauce it brings me back years to when I used to enjoy the same meals as a kid.  Cash Only Tacos Chiwas is another solid taco joint in the hood!  This place screams homemade authentic awesomeness!!  After a few trips to OHSO, it's definitely worthy of a review.   Wow, I love this location.   First off its huge, if they don't have it at this location, you probably don't need it lol.  The staff is always so nice, my last visit I probably sampled (4) different types of chocolates, and was able to get some great suggestions when filling up our box.  I absolutely love all the fruity filled chocolates: Strawberry Cream, Raspberry Cream, Blueberry Truffle, Apple Pie!!   When I think of the best BBQ I've ever had in my life, Little Miss BBQ comes to mind.  Not only is this the one of the best BBQ joints in AZ, it's one of the best restaurants in AZ, period.   Since moving back to Phoenix I've visited (2) other dentist before settling in at Simply Dentistry.  The third time must be the charm because I've found my home.   "As I type this, I am still in the recovery phase of one of the most glorious food comas in recent memory. I will persevere though, because I must spread the word about this buffet to the people of Yelp. Go here. It's worth it. You're hungry, you've been walking around all day, you're cranky, maybe you've lost a little money (not me, I always win) and you're wondering if you'll ""get your money's worth"" at a $120 (for two after tax and tip) all you can eat buffet. Just go. Your circumstances will immediately get better once you lay your eyes on the plethora of tasty food available. You'll fill your plate with Szechuan Chinese Holy COW!!! "Such a better option then Subway across the street.  The staff is extremely friendly and quick!  My food is ready to go within a minute after placing the order.  I tend to come in late (10-15 minutes before closing) because of my night classes, I'm still always greeted by super courteous employees. AJ is awesome!! Quality control, I never have to be afraid about an ""off night"" or bad order!  No matter what I order I can come to expect a fresh sandwich and a super affordable price.  Solid location with friendly service and constant quality has me coming back multiple times a week." This is my favorite bicycle shop in my area.  I'm constantly coming in, for one reason or another (flat tires, new chains, etc) and I always leave happy.  The prices for labor are affordable, and I trust there bike mechanics.  I wouldn't use any other shops now that I've dialed in with Landis. After a long day of holiday shopping we found ourselves at Grassroots Kitchen and Tap.  It was still early, so the place was quiet and had open seating.  It was a no brainier for me: the Shrimp Po' Boy. After several trips to NOLA I've become a big fan of this simple yet delicious sandwich.  Man, Grassroots did not disappoint, it was mouth watering!!  All the elements were spot on!  The perfectly fried shrimp, the right consistency baguette, delicious pickle slices and that amazingly delicious nola remoulade!! The french fries were also delicious and the extra side of remoulade for dipping was the icing on the cake!! A tasty and amazing sauce can take great food and elevate it to the next level, that's what this remoulade did for me!  I can't wait to come back!! As soon as we walked in and I heard the good hip hop tunes playing and saw it was packed with hip looking people, I could tell LGO was doing something right!! I feel fortunate to have The Main Ingredient Ale House in my neighborhood.  To be walking and biking distance from this little gem is so convenient!! My most recent visit was Veteran's Day 2016 with my father.  Every year I get to treat myself to a Veteran's Day meal, and the last few years I've chosen Texas Roadhouse.  The service was amazing. Izzy, our server, was very friendly and never let our drinks go empty.  Even though the meal was complementary we were treated with exceptional service.  The country fried sirloin was very good, and a huge portion, not to mention the (2) sides you also get to order. It's a big meal, and probably the best Veteran's Day meal in town.  Thank you Texas Roadhouse for treating myself and all the other veterans out there to a delicious free meal. I remember the glory days when Four Peaks was just a 5 minute walk for us from our apartment at the Quadrangles. Man I never even thought how good we had it back then.  I just loved the beer and the affordable tasty food.  Any and all Sun Devils know this is the spot!!  Now over a decade later I'm still in love with this place.   This is the go to spot when I'm hungry in Tempe, nothing else even comes close to fulfilling my pub food desires!  I've been ordering the Tap Room Tenderloin sandwich for literally over a decade, for $12.50 it's such a solid deal, not to mention the french fries are the best in town (they're crispy and seasoned well)!!  I don't even have to talk about the beer, it's delicious.  Only thing I would suggest on your visit, order the soft pretzels!! Damn those pretzels are amazing!!  It's always a treat to stop by Four Peaks, I've never been disappointed in the years I've been coming here. Took my wife to the dine in theaters here twice in the past few weeks. Both times we had a pretty good experience. Food is decent. We ordered the nachos and some popcorn. Popcorn was expensive (8.75) but they give you a very large bucket. The nachos were $10 and it was also a pretty big portion. I like the black beans, pico, and guac on the nachos. Wish there wasn't the processed nacho liquid cheese, but the fresh toppings distract from that. Also free refills on drinks is a good perk!  Wow, Welcome Chicken and Donuts is a must visit if you're in the area!!  I was with my pops around lunch time (12:30) on a Thursday and there was no line when we walked in. Sunday at Noon and we were able to get a table immediately even though it was a packed house.  Friendly waiter, good food, prices are what you'd expect at this type of breakfast joint.   I tend to frequent Costco in any city I visit,  our entire family firmly believes if Costco doesn't sell it, you don't need it! "I ride my bike downtown quite frequently and I always have to stop and stare at ""Her Secret is Patience"" by Janet Echelman.  This huge and amazing art instillation is located right outside the Walter Cronkite School of Journalism downtown @ASU.  Just be sure to get a good look at night Casino Royale!!! This is the last hole in the wall gambling hall on the strip!!  I love dice. Aside from sports betting, craps is my definite game of choice!  So 100x times odds is amazing!! The standard is 3x 4x 5x at 99.9% of the tables on the strip so being able to put 100x times odds behind for your bet is usually unheard of! $5 minimum !  $3 during the week makes this a place a gem right in the middle of the strip.  The White Castle burger which Harold and Kumar made famous also sits right in the casino.  Don't expect much on decor, it's anything but fancy, but this is the spot if you love to roll dice!!! . Good luck yelpers!! Best street tacos in Mesa hands down.  If you have been searching for some authentic tacos al carbon this is the place.  They only offer (3) meat options.  Asada (steak), Pollo (grilled chicken), and Birrea (beef).  All the meat is cooked on mesquite grills right in front of you, as well as fresh corn and flour tortillas.  Tacos cost $1.85 each which is still pretty reasonable as I've paid $3.5-$5 each at hipster taco shops in Phoenix (I.E. joyride tacos). I'm not a fan of the burritos or tostado, I would recommend the tacos or quesadilla which is like a bigger taco but with melted cheese.. I would recommend Asada Tacos for folks that are on the fence about what to order, you can't go wrong.  They have a really solid salsa bar that includes a really good Avocado based Salsa, like a thin guacamole.  Only thing I think this place is lacking is variety.  I'd love to be able to order some Tacos Al Pastor, or maybe an option for Asada Fries. But they do make excellent food.. Expect to wait 10-20 minutes in line if you come during a peak times (lunch or dinner). Great neighborhood watering hole that serves great food at a solid price!!  Friendly staff and consistent quality have made us regulars at the Brew.  Their pizza is really good, can't go wrong ordering any of the speciality pizzas!!  Their complimentary bread is so so delicious, ask your server for a side of warm marinara to take those breadsticks to the next level!!! Wow!! What a gem! So nice to have another amazing restaurant in the Coronado hood. I've driven past Ollie Vaughn's almost everyday since moving back to the Valley.  Since they close at 3pm I've never had the chance to stop in, because lunch isn't usually a meal I go out of my way to eat.  That will all be changing, OV's just won me over with a simple but amazingly delicious sandwich.  I ordered the Meat Loaf Sandwich, talk about a flavor explosion!  The Hoisin Meatloaf was absolutely mouth watering, throw in some fresh local cabbage and that carrot and radish slaw and you got yourself one of the best sammies in the valley!!! I also had a few bites of the Tuna Salad sandwich. It was very good. The Jalapeño Marmalade made it sweeter than I'm used to, but still very scrumptious.  They also offer breakfast and an array of fresh bakery items--everything is made from scratch. I cannot wait to try another amazing sandwich on the menu. "Picked up a birthday cake here for my wife's birthday. They were helpful in discussing design and making it ""pretty"" like she likes it.  My wife thought it turned out beautifully. All our guests were very impressed by the quality of the cake. We even got a couple ""best cake I've ever had"" comments. My wife agreed. The cake was light and fluffy I really love all the Upward Projects concepts, but Federal Pizza could be my favorite option for lunch.   Sam's serves up a solid sub!!  Get over the fact they practically have no signage, and are hidden in the back of a Chevron Gas Station, because the subs are made proper!!  I ordered a Footlong Miami Fatboy with hot peppers, it was really good.  I love that my sandwich was drenched in oil and vinegar and topped with oregano!! The meats and cheese were quality, and the bread selection was nice.  The Footlong itself was stout, worth every penny of $6 and change price tag.  Bring cash because your credit cards are no good here!)
(G-6X-llgA_qAxGxocykHzQ,This is the very first escape room that I ever tried, and to be honest I was a little disappointed due to the size of the room. Yay I'm so happy to celebrate my 200th review on Yelp!!! Great tasting ribs and awesome table service. I was brought here by a friend, who came here before due to a school project and she said many good things about Signs.  Brace yourself for a night of endless chugging water while enjoying many pieces of flavourful meats covered in a variety of spices and loads of MSGs. It's so good, but also will run you many trips to the bathroom. If you ask me to list some of my favourite dessert places in Toronto, then I believe Ed's Real Scoop will be right up there. This is my go-to ice cream/gelato spot and sometimes I would even go out of my way to drive all the way down to the Woodbine Beach just to get a scoop of their sweet sweet icy dessert.  Awesome AYCE sushi, 5 stars!! Here comes another themed cafe inspired by Asian trends. Very cool event, love that everybody there were so excited to see Santa. I usually like coming to this location because I feel the servers and chefs are better. This location is pretty busy as well, usually have to wait for 15-20mins for dinners on week nights.  Me and a group of my Yelp friends literally stumbled upon Lhasa Kitchen while browsing on Yelp to look for a quick dinner spot before our Yelp Elite event later that night. We were impressed by Martin S.' review of the restaurant (also congrats on the ROTD!), which led to us giving Lhasa Kitchen a try.  I had the pleasure of tasting some of North Poke's most popular Poke flavours during an Yelp event and I was absolutely hooked on its healthy and delicious Poke bowls.  This is one of the best Bingsu that I've had in a while, highly recommended to give it a try.  ** Review for Winterlicious $28 Lunch ** **Review on the Yelp Elite Experience -- Screening of The Founder** I like their large selection of $9.99 cakes. They have other more expensive ones, like their famous durian cake for 12.99, and it's all under 20 for everything premade.  It's unfortunate that they are only here for a short period of time, because I work near Union station and it was my go-to lunch spot. It has a great selection of quality vendors and the food was pretty healthy and tasted great. It even had an Uncle Tetsu tent that didn't require you to lineup at all!!! I kept hearing people talking about their restaurant and last week I finally found it at the PATH and decided to try it out. I normally don't do food court reviews but this is an exception, I am impress. Cool bubble tea shop, love the environment. Nice location as well, right at the Queen/Spadina prime location, near lots of nice restaurants. My team of roughly 20 people went to JJ for a work celebration lunch and the experience was fantastic. I loved the large range of food selection that the restaurant offered and how fresh the sashimi was.  So unlike Korean Town which is an entire street/neighbourhood dedicated to Korean shops, J-Town is only a small plaza with couple stores. However, the things they sell here are super authentic and many of them are imported directly from Japan. Great dumpling restaurant, highly recommended.  Came here on a cold Friday night after visiting the Distillery District Christmas Market. We came in a group of 7 at 8pm and we were seated fairly quickly within 10 minutes of wait. The place was pretty packed at the time so I was quite delighted that we got to sit down this quickly. Great atmosphere, and best of all, great price. We were a group of 9 and we played with 2 tables (we were casual players) for 3 hours and we took out some soda drinks, the bill came down to less than 10 dollars per person. Pretty good deal for the chance to hang out with friends and play some pool. Cool store located at an obscure location. There was nothing around this place and I couldn't have known this cafe existed if I wasn't just happen to walk around the region with my friend.  Overall I had a great experience at Ematei. I came in for Friday dinner and thank goodness my party got reservation beforehand, because when I arrived at 6:30pm for our table there were already tons of people waiting at the door for a seat. I love coming to Tasty Kitchen for a quick lunch during the work week and everything is reasonably priced at around $10, which also comes with a free drink and/or soup.  Not sure why there are so many negative reviews... Not sure why the low-ish review here, because I quite like their food and the place is certainly packed all the time. Wifi doesn't work though, like many had pointed out.  Tried out the Assassins Suite yesterday. The concept is kind of different from other escape rooms. The room is a lot bigger than other places, and can definitely support 4-10 people like they suggested. Today is like the Nth time I come to this dessert restaurant, and it never disappoints. Not many people know about this place so usually you can always get a seat when you come in. They offer free wifi and parking at the back which is definitely a great plus. Their best dishes for me are the crepes, waffles, and green tea shaved ice cream. The prices are around $10, and if you come in Tues-Fri at noon you can get a crepe+hot drink combo for $10.99. Pastel opens 12-23, and I think they close on Mondays I came to Nome on Tuesday for their buck a shuck special. The person who brought me here is a regular and thank god he made reservation, because there were already people lining up when I came at 6:15pm. I really like their selection of board games in this place, especially the Jenga if you can read Chinese...there are a bunch of kinda awkward questions, great to place with close friends! Came here for Happy Hour karaoke with a large group of friends on the weekend and I had a fairly good experience. The Happy Hour ran from 3pm to 8:30pm and it was roughly $13 per person after tax and tips, which also came with a non-alcoholic drink of our choice.  I like this place for a more upscale dim sum dining.  Came to shop at the Lindt store on Boxing Day and the store was crazy packed.  I went to Chop for a work related team lunch and the place did not disappoint. The restaurant is nice and upscale, perfect for work functions and date nights. There doesn't seem to be any particular dress code required for the place, as my team went in for lunch with our normal casual clothes.  I like the food and I like the location of this restaurant. It's pretty close to the Eaton centre = large mall and subway.  Despite the confusing name, this restaurant is doesn't serve any French cuisine!! It is actually Northwestern Chinese restaurant. Like a lot of other bbt places, I tend to order my drink with only 50% of the sugar because they tend to be too sweet, and Gong Cha is no exception.  Riddle Room is a great place to spend some quality time with friends while enjoying a wide library of board games. Having been to many board games cafes already, I must say I had awesome time during my visit at Riddle Room and I consider it to be one of the best board games cafes in Toronto.  I can't believe there is a ramen restaurant that I feel is really good and deserves more recognition/popularity. Usually I hate going to ramen restaurants due to the long lineup and the food not living up to the hype, but Koi is definitely a ramen restaurant that I will for sure to revisit and recommend.  Even though I was tearing up while munching down spicy food throughout the meal I gotta give this restaurant a good old 5 star rating!!! I've been wanting to try out the Kamayan Feast for quite some time since I saw how amazing the food looked, and I've finally gathered a group of friends to try out the restaurant with me.  I love visiting the Kekou Gelato shop to grab some sweet sweet frozen treat, whenever I happen to walk along Queen West.  I'm a huge fan of this dim sum restaurant: great location (Woodbine/Denison), plenty of parking, great decor, not too many people lining up, discount before 11am, and best of all, AMAZING food. What else can you ask for more. ** Review for Winterlicious Dinner $38 ** Great tasting sushi and sashimi made from fresh ingredients, but a little in the pricier side. This is a real hidden gem at a rather less popular plaza. We actually parked at the wrong place when we first got here because the plaza next door was a lot more popular, I'm glad that this restaurant is at the less popular plaza because parking is a lot easier.  ** Review for Special Set Menu ** Environment: I've been dying to try out Muncheez even since I found out that it's on the Top 3 of highest rated restaurants on Yelp, so finally I made the trip to experience what this restaurant has to offer. Pho Dau Bo is an awesome and inexpensive Vietnamese restaurant to grab a quick lunch or have a casual restaurant outing with friends. Pho Dau Bo is a chained restaurant with locations in many Ontario cities, I've been to the location at Kitchener, and I feel this Mississauga location is pretty consistent in terms of quality. I think Kaka is absolutely my favourite AYCE sushi restaurant in the GTA region. Having been to so many AYCE sushi places, Kaka stands out to me due to a lot of special items they have on their menu, including the famous torched and pressed sushi that they are known for.  I prefer this supermarket over T&T any time. The prices are mostly cheaper and honestly are just as fresh as well. They have more space to line up at the checkout too. But most importantly, the parking lot is MUCH bigger, which is why I like coming here so much. I think this is becoming my favourite Sansotei location, because it's located uptown so it's more likely that I can walk in and be seated immediately.  Great desserts, but quite on the expensive side.  I like coming here for their steak meals. The serving is HUGE and the taste is pretty good too. My favourite is their chicken steak. Be sure to order the dish version without the hot pan, because the content is pretty much the same, but it's couple bucks cheaper. I'm normally an AYCE sushi restaurant goer, but it's nice to go to a normal Japanese restaurant to try out higher quality foods. I was recommended to Japango by many friends as a good, decently priced restaurant, so I decided to give it a go. I swear the Mabu Station restaurant is perpetually packed. Every time I walk pass this restaurant there's always people lining up at the door. This time I came in at around 12:30, only 30 minutes after opening, and my group got the last seat. My friend told me the other Mabu shop next door only opens for dinners, but I guess with the busy traffic even on weekdays, they should consider opening both stores and even opening before 12pm. Apparently this place is well known for their cheap Vietnamese sandwiches, which are $2.5 for a small and $3 for a large.  Wow haven't been to this supermarket in a long time and this is the first time being here since they changed ownership. I feel like this supermarket always lives in the shadow of the T&T and the Foody Mart nearby, but it has its own unique offers. Just your regular boardgame cafe, but with a touch of friendly service.  Tucked away on Byng Ave along Yonge Steet at a residential condo area, Naniwa-Taro is a nice local hidden jewel which serves authentic Japanese snacks.  Went to this place for lunch with a coworker. I ordered the Bulgogi on rice ($8.45).  Dropped by here after dinner on a cold day for some gelato for dessert.  Omescape is a new escape room/board game cafe located in Markham. They offer 5 escape rooms, a wide selection of board games, and some vintage gaming consoles such as the Nintendo N64, NES, SNES. Btw the store is located at the back of the plaza, which can't be seen if you're just casually driving by the area. There are plenty of space for free parking. Awesome place to sit down to have some bubble tea while catching up with friends. They open all the time, even during the holidays, but make sure you arrive early because the seats get filled up fast.  Great restaurant if you're looking to get some congee in the Mississauga region, but I would personally stop by only for the congee, as their other dishes aren't very good.  I like this place because it offers semi-private booths instead of a large open area.  Every time I lookup for a good place to grab dinner at downtown Toronto I always see The Gabardine popping up on Yelp. The reviews looked great, the food looked warm and hearty, so on a cold weekday night I dropped by this restaurant with a friend. This place is located right next to the 7-11 that I always go to for my usual fix of cheap XL coffee. OH GOD the chicken is so addictive, can't stop reaching out for more... One of the best sushi buffets around where I live. The location, restaurant size, and interior decor is really good too. I'm normally an AYCE sushi restaurant goer since I can get a lot more variety of food, but I've decided to give this a la cart restaurant a try to see if the quality of the fish would be better.  This is my go-to Vietnamese Pho restaurant because you can get a massive portion of soup noodle for less than $10. I highly recommended it. I prefer coming to this Sansotei location as opposed to the one near Dundas/Bay because the lineup is significantly shorter and many times no lines at all. The quality of the food and the seating arrangement is about the same as the other location downtown.  I live in north end of Toronto and all the pastry shops here charges at least $1 per bun. I am delighted to stumble upon this bakery where the buns are only 2 for $1. This is practically a steal for me as it seems everything is like half the price compared to the stuff up north!! To me, there is nothing more satisfying than devouring a large piece of fried chicken, and Hot Star delivers that special craving. I go to the CNE every year that it's almost becoming a ritual of summer break. Usually, I would spend most of my time checking out the thousands of shops, but this year me friends and I prioritized our trip to see as many shows as possible. Let me tell you, the shows are the best part of the CNE!!! I visited Latea Era at around 10pm on a Friday after grabbing dinner with a group of friends. We were looking for a place to sit and chat while enjoying a cup of bubble tea and Latea Era was the perfect place for us.  I've been here for lunch for numerous times during the workdays, and it's quickly becoming one of my favourite go-to lunch spots at the PATH that I also recommend to friends.  This place offers loads of $1 morning specials between 9am to 11am, which includes their famous Xiao Long Bao buns. It is definitely worth it to wake up early for the specials because where else are you going to find such good deals, I mean even McD burgers are over $1 each.  This restaurant is constantly busy with customer lining up to get a table. They are known for their great noodle bowls and also their in house BBQ meats.  I didn't know Ten Ren also operates restaurants until I stumbled upon it on Yelp, so I decided to give it a try.  Environment: This is like one of my favorite restaurants around this region. I love the fact that it's really inexpensive, has large portions, and a great atmosphere. I came with a group of around 10 people for their Saturday Happy Hour 3pm-8:30pm. I used to frequent Ten23 couple years ago when I was still in highschool. Back then, the Happy Hour was $8 per person, but now it has gone up to $10, which is still quite reasonable as you get almost 5 hours of singing (4pm-8:30pm) and 2 non-alcoholic drinks of your choice. However, you're required to have a membership card to get the deal, or pay an extra $5 split among your group.  Review for their $28 Prix Fixe Dinner Love coming to Bubble Republic for a quick lunch on a workday and also hanging out with friends.  Great milk tea!! You can really taste the difference once you try it. Their milk tea has more tea flavour than other places and the milk is really creamy too. It has the right sugar among so you can really enjoy the milk and tea.  Another great lunch spot at the Golden Square plaza that I will frequent in the near future. I find that The Fritter King has a really good selection of traditional HK/Southern Chinese dishes (such as congee), but also general Chinese dishes that will satisfy a wide range of diners.  I was here at Strange Love for a special Yelp event and I got to try out some of their signature items such as latte, croissants, chocolates, and I even got a tasting of their gelato ice cream sandwich, which will be launched in the summer.  The food definitely makes up for the long lineup everyday. Their selection of dim sum is quite unique and they have so interesting choices on their menu. The food was pretty good and we didn't wait a long time to get our order. However, the restaurant is pretty small inside and the wait is agonizing, so make sure to come early or come on weekdays. Yogi Noodle is a solid HK style restaurant in my opinion, I frequent here when I come to get groceries at Foody Mart.  Seems like Pho An is a new Pho restaurant that was recently opened in Aurora, which is great because we no longer have to drive all the way up to New Market for good Pho.  Great place if you like spicy stuff. The price was decent, for dinner we paid $16 per person (group of 9). The pepper lamb, papper fried chicken, papper fish, and chicken with mushroom were pretty good. The plaza has additional parking at the back and in the basement I don't understand the constant long line up at this place. In other country (China) people stopped giving to much hype to the cheesecake here. The price of 10 dollars isn't bad considering the cake is pretty tasty and it's made fresh on the spot. The line up is too ridiculous and not worth it for me personally to come back for another try. 401 Games is like the ultimate destination for board game and TCG lovers, as they have a massive collection of board games, cards, and even gaming collectibles in their store.  So apparently a common denominator that my group shared when we arrived at this restaurant was they many of us have drove passed it at some point, but has never stopped to check out the food. Well this time we finally have and so far it seems like a restaurant worth revisiting. )
(pF1k48uCdLv3clPQXp0d7A,"I consistently hang out in ""developing"" areas of the city...      Do you remember those experiments in high school involving hydrophillic and hydrophobic substances?    "As the cap'ain says ""All Aboard"" and the ship sets sail Hidden on the second floor, perched a block south of the Eglinton subway station.    You'd easily walk past a hundred times before taking note of what's there.   One of the few spots in the city that is simply perfect. You walk in the door.    You wander through the maze of denim covered walls.  Someone looks at you and points to dressing rooms on the wall. The more I think about it, the more I realize that this is my favorite restaurant in Toronto. What a spectacular find. "The game of ""what is the best hamburger you can eat"" is the kind of game that you're guaranteed to win. Good food, strong drinks,  eclectic crowd, beautiful people and the best open mike night in the city.  This place is quickly becoming a favorite.     A nice local bar with a fantastic beer selection and a wide assortment of good looking people..    It's the beginning of Passover. I admit that I was cynical. Everything I've ever wanted in a late-day weekend brunch spot. I've been here four times in the first week. Their unchicken and waffles entree is one of the best dishes in the city. Some people say that they don't like veal.    Almost perfect at what it does. Atmosphere is everything.   This place instantly transports you from the tranquil hip streets of Leslieville into the vibrancy of South America.     I can't say that I didn't like it here.  After four increasingly stellar visits, this beautiful space on Bloor Instantly vaults towards the top of my list for great places to go out in Toronto. The Sazerac is the grand ole drink of New Orleans. All hamburgers should be made out of foie gras. The boutique hotel of butcher shops.   A wonderful addition to the neighbouhood.  A hidden gem in the heart of a neighborhood that prides itself on hidden gems. We walk by here all the time and have never even noticed the place. There are several hundred dime-a-dozen Sushi joints in town. "We were dreading being out in ""the suburbs"" for dinner. There is a God, and he loves us all very much. I don't have the slightest clue how to cook.     When we first walked into this awesome restaurant, the wildly inventive music of Cibo Matto was booming on the stereo.  It's an incredibly warm place.    Perfect.  Weekend.  Brunch. There's a whole lot of sizzle to this steak. Stellar.  A new favorite. One of the most satisfying casual restaurant experiences we've had in the city.  Surprisingly good. All the best of El Salvador without the pesky civil war-relic landmines or CIA death squads. In the age of $300 restaurant dinners, it's rare to go out to a place where you actually feel that what you're getting is worth the money.  Don't be mislead by the other Yelp reviews for this spot. It's incredibly difficult to put together a restaurant. Surprisingly good.   Fucking awesome. They could film an urban dating show in this place. A brasserie is at it's core a simple and casual place.   An unpretentious spot to enjoy great food and wine in an upbeat environment.  A place for the neighbourhood.  A place that's alive.  They got this perfectly right.  The poor bunny never had a chance. It's interesting to step outside of your comfort zone. It's not an expensive restaurant, it's a cheap plane ticket.  You're whisked away to the land of stars and sophistication.   Just awesome. The winter of exceptional late brunches continues! This tin foil hat is clearly not working.  Been spending way too much time here recently. This is a wine bar for coffee. All great places have the heads of endangered animals on their walls. Exactly what the east end needed. We love Thailand, Thai cuisine and are on what seems to be a constant search for great Thai fare in the city.    It's a difficult challenge because the strong base flavors in this type of cooking often mask the complete lack of quality in most of the dishes that we've tried at most restaurants. Sure, it's a restaurant... but ignore the overpriced food and you'll find one of the best places to have a drink in the east end. Spectacular. Absurdly consistent.     You never give any thought to blinds.   Located in the far north of the city, Kivas is the kind of place where everybody knows your name.  A totally unique drop of authentic ambiance in the heart of the city. Being a taxi cab driver is a spectacularly tough gig.    Going out for dinner is so much more than just going to get someone else to cook for you.   It's about immersing yourself in a particular ambiance and momentarily transporting yourself to another place.    Immediately after walking in the front door,  I wanted to hate it here. This beautiful restaurant effortlessly combines excellent value, great service and an unexpectedly unique location into a winning dish.   The food is quite quite good and they have a yurt on their front patio in the winter.  Delicious crepes.    When friends mentioned that they wanted to meet us for dinner in North York, we struggled to find an excuse not to go.    A room full of unhip people who believe that their proximity to tattooed waiters will somehow make them cooler. A truly spectacular restaurant. The hype is unbearable. Ten years ago the most likely thing to get stabbed by a fork in this part of town was not a beautiful piece of veal. The walls are lined with Pachinko machines.    Get the tasting menu.  You can't judge a book by it's cover." It's an old Buddhist temple turned into an event space. You're whisked away from the Disneyfied cobblestones of the distillery to an equally out-of-place 1885 Parisian bistro.   The decor is fantastic.  The rumour is that they spent a million dollars on the interior.  It shows. We head east upon a strong recommendation to check out this acclaimed spot.   The promise of 'the best beer list in the city' too good to pass up. I walk by this place all the time and have never gone in. I'm fascinated by the momentary trend of the fancypants burger joint. That sinking feeling that you get when you realize that the entire underside of your car is falling off.    All you hear is the scraping of metal on concrete as you smell the progressive burning with every mile.   Wow.  The octopus is stellar.   Extremely good neighborhood spot.     Appropriately named.    Unpretentious.    A variety of options.   Great portions.   Relatively nice people.   No screaming children.    Spectacular pulled pork.   Decent music.   Fresh ingredients.  Outdoor BarBQ.  Open kitchen.  Romantical patio.  Can't lose. The most interesting restaurant in the city. Ciros has the absolute worst men's room in the city.   When given the choice between using these washrooms or being forced to go on dialysis, it's pretty much a toss-up.   Arguably you'd be better off hitting the hospital, because at least those rooms are sterile and you might get a free cookie. Sturdy tables, lots of outlets, good looking people and wonderful coffee is like a recipe for making this a perfect afternoon workspace. A pretty good date restaurant. It's retarded." An instant favorite. Place is just awesome. An outstanding breakfast spot in Leslieville. The reverse commute.   Heading away from the downtown core and it's plethora of spectacular restaurants. I'm sick of paying $5 a cup and dealing with the fashion show at Manic Coffee.   It's not a secret.   Well, if it once was it's not anymore. I've always had a thing for disco balls. This isn't so much a grocery store as it is a meeting place. A particularly beautiful renovation. The storefront on the corner of Queen and Curzon is kinda like a slot machine.   Every few months new signs go up, staff names change, cuisine gets reinvented and furniture gets remodernized.   )
(ddZffVYvHsCIhylU5UG-dA,This was my 2nd time going through this exhibit and I was AMAZED AGAIN.  There are so many artifacts from the ship and the stories of people traveling are amazing!   Blue 32 has a really great atmosphere and terrific menu.  The menu has everything from soup and salads to sandwiches to pasta.  There is a great beer selection, and happy hour/reverse happy hour in the bar.  They even serve a late night menu in the bar when many places are closed during the week.  We stopped over to the Silverton Casino to see the mermaid in the aquarium.  We got a player's club card and got $5 free slot play and a free buffet.  We had the Saturday brunch which came complete with champagne.   Thought I bragged about this restaurant before.  Guess not.  Everytime we stay at HRH, this is our go to restarurant.  I love the chicken noodle soup, poached eggs w/ corned beef hash, and the Creme Brulee Oatmeal (which is served with golden raisens, milk and brown sugar.  Only thru 11 am each day.) With sandwiches under 400 calories, and stellar service, there is everything to love about Chick-fil-a.  This location is very clean and the employees are very kind.  We have even had employees come by and ask how our meal was or offer to refill our drinks. A friend took us here for late night dining.  After 9 pm the bar offers a $5 menu which includes drinks, appetizers and entrees for $5 each.  He ordered us the fresh made guacamole, the queso fundido and the carnitas tacos.  We had $2 dos XX pints.   Had another GREAT day at Dos.  Went with sister, husband, and my husband.  We noticed the menu is redone and the Mexican crock pot has said Adios!  Too bad.  The tacos are still very good and a great $2 price! I found him!  This is Lou's shop that was located on Priest Drive, and is now on Guadalupe.  We have taken my cars (plural) to this shop on several occasions and the employees have always been helpful and honest.  Whether it was for a quick oil change or some major overhaul, the guys @ this shop are always reliable.   Mojito Cigar Lounge located at 4705 E Carefree Hwy in Cave Creek, AZ in a beautiful strip shopping center.  The front of the house is a public lounge where you can sit and enjoy a good stogie and watch the game.  Back of the house is a member's only club that has monthly dues, and benefits such as personal storage lockers, bigger televisions, big comfy chairs, kitchenette, and poker table. My sister and I went there today for the Mystic Tan.  For $25 you stand in a booth and get an airbrushed tan.  The girl who took us into the private room was very sweet and explained the way to stand for each pass of the automated system.  However she didn't explain the usage of the lotion on our palms and nails so they wouldn't turn brown, too.   Aaahhh... nothing like the smell of plastic!  I was so excited that The Container Store came to AZ!  I had been to one in CA and loved all the storage options.   We had an impromptu Valentine's dinner here. We were headed to the movies and we were hungry.  You must know all they offer are salads, pizza and calzones.  They have a good wine selection ( a little on the pricey side).   Everytime we attempted to eat here in the past, we either came before they opened or on a day they were closed.  This trip to Vegas we scored! I am writing this review vicariously through my husband's experience.  When looking for a new dentist, I send him in first as guinea pig. This location is in a strip shopping center near University and Lindsey. It has been such a long time since I have eaten at any DQ.  This location is closer to my house, so we decided to go hit the drive thru after dinner tonight.   "My sis and I stopped here for lunch Saturday around noon.  The restaurant was a little dead for a weekend, but this place gets jumpin' weekend evenings.  It has an ""outdoor"" patio which gives you a great view of the valet and parking lot.  (Ha Ha.)  There is also bar seating Went here last week to find they had TOTALLY remodeled the place.  Lookin' good Supercuts!  Peelers and spatulas and tongs, oh my!  Can you say kitchen gadget heaven?  I love going to Crate and Barrel to pa rouse the kitchen gadgets.  There are things there I don't even know how to use!!!   This branch of the Maricopa Public Library system is located at Perry High School and serves as a school library and public library. There are a variety of books, audiobooks, DVDs, Blu-rays, and CDs for adults, children and teens and a collection of large print. They have online resources such as ebooks, downloadable audiobooks, online magazines, databases for research and streaming movies and music.  "We used this company for our wedding cake when we held our wedding at the Hard Rock Hotel in Vegas.  It was poolside in October, so Dane suggested fondant.  We asked him for an old school ""tattoo"" style cake.  He came up with a fun double heart pattern.  The cake was absolutely delicious.  The BEST tasting cake I've ever eaten!  Even the fondant (of which I was never a fan) was tasty.   We took mom here for dinner last night. It's a place we've been wanting to try for a while.   Fresh and Easy is my go to store when I need an item quickly, or if I am looking for prepared meals.  They have a nice selection of items like fajita, k-bobs, stuffed salmon, pork chops, etc. that you can grab, take home and cook.  I also like that many of the items are packaged for 2 people.  I don't have to worry about storing leftovers, and if we have guests, I just pick up double.  Both the employees and prices are friendly. "What can I say?  B&Ns are fabulous.  We went in this one for the umpteenth time last Monday.  The ""Nook Girl"" was fun to talk to Okay, so I grew up thinking these places were dirty little places to dine.  I ate @ this location on New Year's morning thanks to a visiting friend, Jenny from SF.  She hearts WH.  Anyway, I was surprised at how clean it was, no fancy furniture, but clean booths and tables.  There were a lot of people waiting, but they moved people in / out efficiently.   Went here tonight with the padres and husband.  This place is the whole Joes BBQ/Joes Farm Grill owners.  We saw that it was the highest rated here on Yelp for restaurants in Gilbert.  This is another Harkins Theater, but I really think they keep this one clean.  The lobby, the theaters and the restrooms always seem to be clean.  I like the stadium seating and the concession choices.   Oh, Bookman's...you clean up nice!!!   Drove thru this location at 11 am this morning.  Order taker was friendly and got my order totally correct.  Ordered the new Pick 2 for $4.99.  Got the Apple Pecan Salad and small Chili.  At the window, the staff was friendly, took my dinero, gave me the right change.  We have used Caveman Printing for our business cards and different types of stickers.  They are so friendly and extremely helpful here.    When we ordered our business cards, they emailed us a proof the very same day, we added some info and they were ready the very next day!  (all 1000 of them at a great price!)  We are looking into t-shirt screen printing next. This post office is located on Ray Road between Higley and Recker.  It is a small post office with most of the postal services you would need.  There are no automated services.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  There are plenty of P.O. Boxes and the building is open 24/7 to access the boxes. It really depends on which bands are playing.  When you go on a night that the teens are amuck, the security seems tighter, the staff a little more rude.  Otherwise, everyone was great the nights we have gone.  The bartenders have always been friendly and patient (since I can never make up my mind). This is the place my sister and I went to EVERY Saturday or Sunday to enjoy sister-time and some great food!  The coffee is amazing (they use Illy) and the food is always plentiful, hot, fresh and tastes like homemade.  I love their scrambles: chile/tomato/bacon or tomato/turkey/ cheese.  They are served with a wheat french bread toast, but I get rye instead.  Try the cinnamon roll - even if just once!  Between 2 breakfasts and coffee we usually get out of there around $20. Another great meal @dos!  I have NEVER had a bad meal here.  I thank the Taco Gods when I walk in the door because they have every kind of taco you could crave!  The Mexican Crockpot cracks me up.  yummy pork served with chips.  Wonderful in a tortilla! We stopped by here on our way to see a movie last night at San Tan Mall.  It is on the corner over near Macy's.  It is a cute little shop that offers cupcakes, cakes, coffee, hot chocolate and hot tea.  There is seating inside and out.   I almost changed my mind about eating here for my birthday after reading some reviews.  Boy, am I glad we went anyway.  The view alone was terrific, and the service was delightful.  The restaurant is located on the 50th floor of the Rio Hotel.  It is decorated in contemporary western art such as the giant metal t-bone hanging on the wall next to the host counter. I saw the traveling exhibit in Phoenix about 5 years ago, and there were some differences with this exhibit (some good, some not so good).   I have shopped at this location before, but this time I am rating the optical department.  Dr. Anh Tieu is very friendly, professional and gives you all the information you need to take proper care of your eyes.   How can you say anything bad about Texas Roadhouse?  You just CAN'T!  They are one chain restaurant that you can rely on to be delicious no matter what location you visit.  Let's talk about the location here in Gilbert, AZ. South Point Hotel and Casino has a variety of places to eat.  This one serves seafood fare and everything we ate here was delicious.  This is a newer location near my house.  The guys were pretty friendly, and I like this location because they pump your gas for you.  The gas is very cheap when you purchase a car wash!  I filled up my SUV for $35 today and paid $18 for car wash that included vacuum, armor all inside and on wheel walls, windows, etc, the works.  The vanilla scent is nice, too.  Yay!  Still a fan after going this past week!  We purchased a certificate from Restaurant.com and got $50 certificate for $10.  You had to spend $100 on food, but that was easy with 5 people.   This is an awesome venue for concerts.  We went to the Metal event held on Friday December 17th.  Several great Metal bands played.  Plenty of parking in the private lot. Located inside the Talking Stick Resort, this cigar and martini lounge offers a wide range of seating indoors and outdoors.  There are a couple flat screens scattered throughout and a fully stocked bar.  This was my first time painting something other than a wall. LOL. I booked with a couple friends and the online registration system was easy.  We've stayed at South Point several times over the years and find it is just as nice as it was when it opened.  The rooms are clean and nicely decorated, as well as large.  Whether you get a king or 2 queen beds, there is tons of room to spread out.   We stopped in here the day before our wedding with my sister and her husband.  We enjoyed a relaxing couple of hours on the leather furniture while the husbands enjoyed a hand rolled cigar.  We watched the torcedor roll and box press some fresh cigars.   Honestly, this place still scares me.  There are so many products I don't know where to start.  I enter a Sephora whenever I am @ the mall reluctantly in order to get comfortable with the layout and product.  Kind of like the new kid in school.   i had the total opposite experience with this David's bridal.  I made an appointment to find a dress and scheduled one for my sister to find a bridesmaid dress.  i didn't have high hopes after reading other David's Bridal reviews, so I thought I would use this time to try on dresses to see what styles look good on me.  I needed to find someone who could repair a fountain and fire pit in my back yard since the original company who built it completely did it wrong.  The wiring was dangerous on the fountain, the pump and lighting didn't work and the fireplace was a mess and didn't work at all. We used to ride our Harleys up here and grab a burger and a beer.  We returned recently to show my sister and husband this neat little place hidden up in Cave Creek area.   M and I have eaten at this location a few times.  The employees are always friendly, and the food comes out hot.  The location shares a parking lot with a large strip shopping center, so there is plenty of parking.  It gets busy on Saturday and Sunday mornings.  If you are with a larger party, expect to wait for a table.  2's and 4's seem to get seated pretty quickly. "Today, I fell in love with 75% off!  Bath and Body works has changed the looks of their bottles AGAIN.  So, we reap the benefits with old style bottles with perfectly good lotions, shower gels, body sprays @ 75% off!  That $9.50 lotion cost me a little over $2 today!  This is a ""while supplies last"" kind of sale.  This was one of our favorite places to eat wings when we were in the mood.  The restaurant always looked clean, and the menu was lengthy, so depending on what you are in the mood for, they probably have something close to ease those cravings.   Does YOUR church have a Starbucks?  Mine does!  CLM Weddings was suggested to us when we planned our wedding @ the Hard Rock Hotel in Las Vegas.  Christie contacted me and we began discussing what we imagined for our wedding day.  Honestly, I had not thought of things like chair covers because the chairs provided by the hotel were hideous metal and blue (my main wedding color was red rose).  Christie was hired as a day of planner, but she definitely worked more than the wedding day.  "Ok - take this into consideration - dad was treating us to The Beatles LOVE, and not knowing any better, Googled ""the beatles show"".  Super psyched - my sister even bought an outfit for the occastion I have never been to a self-serve frozen yogurt place, and these babies are popping up like celebrities are having kids!  This place is my new drug and it's not called Charlie Sheen!  LOL! You can't find a better steak at a better price than TX Roadhouse!  I was so excited that a location opened up near my house.  The service is usually very good.   M brought us here for Easter brunch and yow-za!  I am a BIG fan of their food now!  We were seated pretty quickly for 10:45 am on a Sunday for a party of 7.  We ordered a variety of breakfast and lunch items which were all delicious.  No one walked away hungry.  It is in a weird, tucked away location, in the industrial area near the Holiday Inn off Country Club Rd and the 60 freeway. I use this location for all of my FedEx shipping.  I LOVE the staff!  Rhonda is so great and patient and knows everything!  There is a FedEx self service drop off and all the supplies you need to get your package sent off.  I LOVE this little cafe for the coffee and sandwiches.  We come to Vegas about once a month and usually stay at HRH.  They use Illy coffee, and I love it as a hot espresso, or the iced mocha.  Deeeee-licious! We came here the other night to watch some local bands.  The place is a little hard to find, but there is plenty of parking.  There was a couple of places open next to the Yucca: a smoke shop that carried a small selection of cigars and lots of head shop stuff, a pool hall of sorts, and then the Yucca itself.  Sprinkle, sprinkle, little dot...yummy cupcake hit the spot.  So, after living in socal for a couple years and eating these yummy cupcakes for special occasions (AKA when familia came to visit), I decided to take my sis here to have one.  The line @ the one we frequented in socal was always waaayyyyy out the door.  Today, there were about 4 people in front of us.  The other locations in CA were just as tiny, but at least one had outdoor seating to get immediate satisfaction of eating that sugary bit of heaven.   First: I am not a smoker.  However, since AZ has banned smoking in EVERY establishment where smoking might be enjoyed (ie. bars, night clubs) finding a spot where you can drink and smoke inside is a gold mine!   This Basha's location took over when Albertson's left several years ago.  This is my store of choice because it is the closest large grocery store to my home.  The store is clean, and there are many, many choices in every department.   This is my 3rd visit to Todd English and have had a GREAT experience every time.  It is my new go-to place when we visit.  It is LOUD, so get ready to shout over the tvs, music and rowdy crowd, especially at night. We stopped here for a late lunch today and there was plenty of seating considering today is the last Saturday before Christmas.  We sat in the dining area which was very nice and clean.  Our menus had stuff on them, though... ewwww... My parents treated the 6 of us to dinner @ Shula's Steakhouse last night.  We arrived @ 6:30 so the place was pretty slow, but picked up around 7:30 when all the tables were full.  The web site states reservations are required, and the dress is business casual.   OMG!  I can't believe I forgot my review of this place.  My sis and I were have a sister day, and we picked this place for lunch on Martin Luther King day.  I am assuming that is why it was dead, the courts and offices in downtown Chandler were closed.   As of this posting, it seems Casa Fuma is CLOSED.  There have been no signs of life at the shop in several weeks, Cliff hasn't been heard from on FB, and when we looked in tonight, all the cigars in the humidor are - hold your breath - GONE!   Thanks to some fabulous Yelp reviews, M and I decided to eat here last night.  I had some idea about how massive the menu is, but had no idea it was like a book!  We intended on going there for a salad, but were enticed by other food.   This is the closest Fry's grocery store where I live.  I used to go here every week with my sister, and was very happy with the selection and prices.  We found Chelsea's Kitchen on Yelp when looking for a place to have lunch on a Wednesday.  When we arrived, we were greeted with valet parking.  Inside, it was a busy lunch rush at noon, but we were seated in about 10 minutes.  The menu is small, but the choices are incredible.   We ate here while waiting for our tire to be fixed across the street.  This place used to be The Vine for many years, until it closed and the building became two different restaurants.  We used our BB Yelp! app to find this place when we had a craving for some ice cream on this warm Feb day.  This place sounded interesting with it's weird flavors.  It is my new favorite ice cream shop.  "We have been here twice now and absolutely LOVE the food!  We found it using Yelp mobile and it will be our Japanese ""go-to"" place.  The first time I had the Beef Udon noodle bowl.  The beef was a little sweet and the broth fantastic We went to our first PHX Coyotes hockey game here last week, and again yesterday.  Now that I remember, we had been to this stadium before for M's graduation ceremony.   Fox Cigar Bar is open for business!  The newly renovated shop has a large glass enclosed humidor, a large bar area with bar stools, and cigar accessory sales.  There are individual leather smoking chairs placed throughout the shop with plenty of ashtrays nearby.   My sis and I took the parental units to lunch yesterday, and dad was curious about this Mongolian Grill stuff.  This location is in the Supertarget shopping center in the corner by Radio Shack.  Parking close the location is limited, but the large parking lot for Target is right there.   M and I have eaten here many times over the years. We went back Thursday night so we could have dinner and then do some shopping in the mall. The menu has changed and I was sad to see the chicken and sweet potato risotto was gone from the menu. The free-range chicken they used was marvelous! We went here for my sister/husband 11th anniversary dinner.  First time for all of us.  The place is located in what looks like business buildings near Biltmore.  Parking is ample for evening dinner. We love to check out cigar lounges, and this was on the list to check out.  It is located in the big ole shopping center across from Toby Keith's and Bass Pro Shop.   Fabulous, fabulous, fabulous.  M brought be here for bfast one morning after he had his O experience with their humongous burritos.  I ordered the chorizo, potato, egg burrito and added cheese.  You can ask for a whole wheat tortilla as well.  M had the bacon, egg, cheese burrito and they chopped up the bacon, not like some places that use 2 long flimsy half cooked bacon strips in their burritos.  Plus our burritos were under $4 each! Three cheers for Sara who has done my cut and color for years!  The place is clean, has plenty of seating and accepts walk-ins. They sell high quality product and are the friendliest ladies! The Good Egg restaurants are always hot spots for weekend morning breakfast.  We decided to go Sunday around 11:30 and had about a 1/2 hour wait.  It is always worth the wait! I stopped at the drive-thru to grab a bite to take back to the office yesterday.  Sonic's are different everywhere I go.  This one has a drive thru, but there is no payment/ pick up window.  They bring it to the curb.   Holy frijole!  This place is amazing!  Growing up on the border there was so much excellent Mexican food that many places lack what we are used to. Looking for a good place to eat in the area, Yelp reviews led us here.  Food coma?  Ohhh  yes!  My sister and I went here for lunch today.  I thought she would be afraid of the Sharpie menu on the wall and low key tables/booths, but she was up for an adventure in delicious southern cooking.  The walls are covered by autographs of athletes, musicians, and others. Texas Roadhouse seems to have it down when it comes to consistency.  We ate here tonight with another couple and had the usual sirloin steak, mushrooms, sweet potato, and delicious rolls.  The service was friendly and timely.   Way to go, Joe!  You did it again!  We love Joe's family of restaurants, so why did we wait so long to try the Coffee Shop?  Well, we finally did, and that's what counts.  Now my quad of Eating at Joe's is complete.  Had breakfast here with the parental units the other day.  Called ahead seating at 8:30 to be there at 10:30.  Good idea because it was very busy when we got there.  We waited about 5 minutes for our table.  The place is bigger than it looks and there is a whole parking lot for parking.  Although there wasn't enough handicap parking for my dad's taste.   You can't get any better than $2.95 special plates during happy hour!  The menu is small for happy hour, but the food is AMAZING !   This branch is located near my house, so I frequent it for payroll and my own deposits.  The staff is friendly and the drive thru is quick.  It is a convenient location for me to do business.   Cigar King has the LARGEST selection of cigars in the valley!  Inside their store are 2 huge rooms with shelf after shelf of cigars from every manufacturer you can think of .  They even have their own branded cigars made by fabulous cigar manufacturers.   A night out eating delicious Barivian (German) fare, beer, loud oompah music, shot spankings...  That is what we call fun!  Came here with the padres March 2010, since they went to the original in Munich.   This place is horrible!  First, I was forced into the Relaxation Room where I had to put my hands into this hot paraffin wax and wrapped in plastic and mittens.  Then I had to sit in this amazing massage chair that made me nice and relaxed.  I giggled to myself that the only thing that would make this better is some wine and binge watching television.  Went to GB in Tempe once years ago, was happy to find them in my neighborhood.  M and I went there before a movie and sat in the bar.  What is up with kids in the BAR?!?!?!?   We went here the other night with the padres.  My mom has been wanted to try this place.  It is like other all you can eat salad buffet type places.  The employees were friendly, but I thought it was a bit pricey.  It cost $50 for 4 adults.  Guess I will be looking for the buy one get one free coupons. OMG!  Finding this place was a fluke. Wasn't looking for this particular food, but wanted lunch in the area. We enjoyed fabulous Scotch eggs and some Guinness and then swapped half Roast Dinner pasty filled with house made roast beef, carrot, Brussels sprouts, and potato with M's meat and cheese that was filled with 2 types of sausages. I have to go back and try the chicken pot pie pasty and some of those desserts!!  Yes, five stars.  Everything from the friendly greeting @ the door, the food, the service, the cleanliness, was impeccable.)
(SzJG3xxUFUdI1yCyQgk3cA,Love this place! Went to grab a Pikachu stuffed bear and everyone was really sweet. The two girls that helped me was very friendly. Will come again because of the great customer service we had. :) This place is like every other Natives, serves really good food and wings. Their placement on tables and seats are kind of weird. We were seated at a table that's right next to the door. Love this place. Awesome food and a lot of different drinks to choose from. You can order pricey wine, or a good local beer. Their is also very good and always well done every time. Good place to hang out with friends, not such a family place, but definitely friends. Love the atmosphere as well, they display their drinks in a very cool way. This place is great. A lot of nice workers. I came at 6pm and was seated fairly quickly. They had a lot of things on their menu including appetizers, salad, soup, seafood, and burgers. I ordered the potato skins and they were delicious (crunchy skins). Then I ordered the chicken tenders and the batter was really good. I just wish it was beer battered. Other than that, the environment is great. Theirs unlimited warm buttery rolls and peanuts on the floor. Also! Country music is always playing! What can be better than that?! If you come here, you MUST ORDER garlic knots. Those things are amazingly delicious. We went for lunch and it was super fast, had a group of 4 and everything went smoothly. Our server was super nice and efficient. We ordered the ham/pineapple and it was delicious. I wish there were more of this place around Arizona. We were in and out in half an hour. This place is awesome. This place has great food. I love the environment. It's hip and trendy. I love that it's open 24/7 on the weekends. That means I could get crepes at like 2 in the morning. I ordered the number 9 crepe which has chicken, bacon, and a delicious compote. It's definitely savory and filling. The price is also not too bad. It's great for the food quality you're getting. We ordered 2 drinks, 3 crepes, and a bowl of french fries for about 30 dollars. Not too shabby. Will come again and again when I'm in the area. Too bad there's not one by my house because I would have come every single day! This place is great. The food always come out cooked great and the servers are all friendly. No complaints here. I always order the vib breakfast and it comes out in big portion unlike some other village inn. Their pies here are always delicious. I always order the whole banana cream pie and its always great. This place is awesome! Pho is a lil different taste compared to other Vietnamese food. Their bun chon is super good!! Super chewy and the ground pork inside was seasoned really well. Price wise is good as well. This place is great! It's a big building so no matter what time you come, you'll definitely be seated. For under $10 it's basically all you can eat pizza, pasta, salad, and dessert, and a drink as well. The food tasted good for the price. And they have different options to everything as well. You can pick your pasta and sauce, and their salad bar looks clean and up kept. Their desserts are delicious. Definitely go for the oreo or cookie dough one. Went with a friend and it was a good time. I really enjoy this place for any thing built in related. The quality they provide in their furniture is amazing. We worked with a young man name Josh and he was wonderful. Super friendly and not pushy which is what I like in a sales person. We will be purchasing in the future will be a book case. Hopefully he still will be there! We went here usually on the weekends and for a family of 3 it's about 60 dollars each time. It's not bad with 20 dollars a person.  The food wasn't too bad, it's a great place for people that loves seafood. Their crab legs are fresh and tasted good. It didn't taste frozen. The place is clean and the servers are very nice, they always came and cleaned out the dishes, gave us napkins and always filled up our drinks. They have a sushi bar there as well. Definitely worth the money if you like buffets. I believe it is cheaper to come in the afternoon on weekdays. This place deserves more than 5 stars. This is how homemade Mexican food is suppose to taste like. My mom told me about this place and ever since then we go there every time there's a special occasion. We would go every weekend if this place was a lil closer than home. I always order their shredded beef enchilada plate that includes bean and rice. Absolutely amazing. The sauce was the perfect hint of spicy to it. The meat was fresh as well. Bean and rice is my favorite. Also! This place has a great price for how much food you get. It's delicious and I will recommend anyone there for Mexican food. Love it! The food here is really good. I always come and get the Shrimp Chow Fun and it's delicious every single time. I love how close it is to my house too. The servers are really friendly as well. Portion size is really good, I always get left overs taken home. Price-wise isn't too bad either. I always come here with my boyfriend, and for 2 people, with drinks, one appetizer, and 2 entrees bill comes up to about 25 dollars. I don't think that's too shabby. Will come again! This place is really good! It's clean, service was super friendly, and food was good. Can't get any better than that! They have an all you can eat sushi deal going on. My boyfriend loves the sushi. I ordered the udon and it was delicious. Broth was fish based. Might be our new sushi place. Will come again. If I could call this place heaven, I would. Every time I head for phoenix, I make sure I visit this place. Been going here for years and it hasn't disappointed me once. Their food is delicious and CHEAP. So far to me they are the cheapest Vietnamese food around. Here's what I can get for about 40 dollars and that's with 3 people. An appitizer, pho for each person, drinks, and also dessert! That's a lot of food for a fantastic price. Will always go here until I basically die. This place is awesome when it comes to healthy eating. I'm not really a fan of healthy food so when it makes it taste more like a dessert, I was super happy! I got the peanut butter and it was fantastic. The portion are also really good. For $5.00, I was really full and satisfied with what I had. The customer service wasn't the best, they weren't too friendly, hence the -1 star. Other than that, it was a cool place. There are a lot of tables to sit and chat as well, and there are tables outside too. I will be coming again! This place is really good for dim sum. I've been eating at C-Fu this whole time and I think I might find a new spot for dim sum. We went on a weekday afternoon, so there wasn't a whole bunch of people. Servers were really polite and sweet. Food came out steaming hot and delicious. Their plates are very large compared to C-Fu as well. Price wise wasn't bad, I believe we got about 8 plates for 2 people and it ended up being 30 dollars. Not bad. The environment is nice too. Might be our new spot for dim sum! Came here on a Wednesday night and everyone was super friendly. Got sat down right away, and our server was very professional. He answered any questions we might have. The food was delicious. I definitely came in with eyes bigger than my stomach. Had a lot of left overs. I ordered the pick 2 combination and it came with a nice side salad (either Cesar or House), then it came with another side (I got french fries), and then I chose the shrimp Alfredo and the coconut shrimp. Super good. Came out piping hot. Our server always make sure that our drinks were refill and we are always happy. Definitely will come again. Although I just ordered water and an appetizer, I can't say much about this place food wise. Our server was very nice and fast too. We came in for lunch and was about in about 30 minutes. The hostess greeted us at the door with a smiling face. The appetizer that we ordered were pretzels and it was pretty good. Came with 4 long sticks and there were 2 dipping sauce which was honey mustard and their beer cheese. My favorite was the honey mustard. The beer cheese was alright, a bit on the salty side. Will come back again whenever we need a fast lunch. Great place to see a show. The stage is beautiful and no matter where you sit, you still have a great view. I went to see Celine Dion and Mariah Carey at this stage and they have done an amazing job. I love coming here, it's definitely a very high class place and make you feel nice. This place is great! We went on a Friday night and it was busy but since we were a party of 2, it went by fast for us. Our server was really cool and sweet to us. We ordered a root beer float, a beer, fish and chips, and a 10oz sirloin all for 40 dollars. Their fish and chips is super good, it's beer battered and has the perfect crunch to it. It was served with cold slaw and French fries but I substitute it for sweet potato fries instead. My bf said the steak had really good flavoring but it has a lot of gilet (which is hard pieces of meat), not the best steak ever. It came with mashed potatoes and steamed veggies. Overall, it's a great place to for chow down on bar food. It is a loud environment (hence bar) but there are a lot of TVs and a cool place to hang. Will come again! This is our to go bowling alley in Arizona. It's really nice and the price isn't too bad. Every time we go, it's fairly busy but not to the point where you have people right next to you unless you come on the weekends at night. We came in yesterday for their Rock 'N Bowl (cosmic bowling) and it was really fun. They allow you to bring in your ball and shoes if you have it. The bar is great too, has some great beer on tap and great shots. Love going here!! This place is yummy! Calzoni was super good (although I wish the crust came with a little more flavor) other than that it's really delicious. I had mushroom and Italian sausage in mine. They do give our free bread once. Environment was good too. A really good place for a cute Friday date night. Will come again! This place has very good food and definitely friendly servers. We were a group of 4 and even though it was super busy at the time that we went (Tuesday @ 7) during winter break; we were served really quickly and efficiently. Our server was amazing. He definitely deserves some stars. The food was well-seasoned. I went to Italy over the summer and I rather have these guys food. This place has amazing food. We always come here whenever we crave pizza or Italian food. Their Alaskan King Crab pizza is to die for. They are sooo good. And their appetizers are great as well. The atmosphere around here is nice as well. They have good seating and also a bar too if you'd like to drink. This place is great!! The food is delicious and it's actually not bad pricing. My total bill was about 15 dollars but that includes fries, drink, and dessert. That's a great deal!! This place was beautiful!! And the awesome thing is that it's only 20 minutes away from the Vegas Strip. It's only 7 dollars for a car to go in all day. It's more of a scenic drive (14 miles) and there's certain pit stops you can stop at to take pictures or go hiking. We didn't have much time to hike but we will next time. Our pictures came out great with amazing views. Definitely will come again next time I'm in vegas again. I really like this place. They offer a lot more flavors than other boba places. I always get their taro slush with boba every single time and it comes out great. The people there was nice as well! Whenever I am in the mood for boba, I'll come here! We came in on a Friday night and was greeted promptly and sat down. Montel was a great server. Super friendly. We ordered the 1/2lb classic burger and a bbq pulled pork sandwich. Food was good. Burger was a lil under seasoned but it was good. The bbq pulled pork sandwich was good as well. Sauce was tasty and sweet. Their sweet ice tea is really good too! Piggly's fries were amazing. Tasted fresh. Will come again whenever we are in town. This place is great! They always have new flavors to try and their toppings are so good. They actually have Dole pineapple! The same taste you get at Disneyland here! The service people here are really nice too, haven't met a mean face yet. Will always come here whenever I have a sweet tooth! This place is great! It was my first time a couple nights ago after a friend recommended this establishment. It's such a chill place to hang out and drink. There's tv everywhere that all has some sort of sports channel on. Their beer collection is pretty extensive, I think there was over 50 beers or so on tap. The food menu and dessert menu is kind of small, but the food portion is huge!!! I ordered the fish and chips and substituted for onion rings instead. The fish was excellent. I went to London to have real fish and chips and have been looking for a place that was somewhat close to London and this is the place. Although, I wouldn't order the onion rings again, the batter on it doesn't really stick so you're eating more onion than you are batter. I will probably order the sweet potato fries, stole a couple of them off of my bf plate and it was delicious. Overall, food is great, drinks are great. Will come again! This place is wonderful for sushi and at a decent price as well. Their happy hour is awesome. Half-off a lot of their appetizer and sushi as well. Their Vegas and Shrimp rolls are delicious. I literally could eat my weight in that. Their service is amazing too and she seemed knowledgeable in anything related to sushi so we followed up to her recommendation as well and loved all of it. Their desert is wonderful as well. Definitely will come here a lot more often. This place is awesome. Best burgers. And their customer service is great too. Always fast and efficient. Even though every time I go there's a huge line of people the wait is always less than 5 minutes. Food comes out fresh each and every single time. Clean place too. This is a nice gym, they definitely have a lot of machines to work out on and they also have racquetball courts as well that you do need to reserve ahead of time. Their bathrooms are always clean and nice and they have such a big locker room! They have a locker both big and small. They also have awesome classes you can take as well like Zumba, Yoga, and Cycling as well. They also have a basketball court too. I just wish they have stations that supplies cleaning stuff so I can wipe down the machines and other people can too. Pretty cheap place for good soda. Got a 24 and 32oz for less than $6. We got the Shirley Temple and the Eagle Scout and it's really good. Service was awesome. This place has amazing breakfast. I always take my family and friends here if they want good food. This place is awesome! I just barely knew about this place not too long ago. The atmosphere is very cozy and nice. It's a great place to hang out with good friends. Their wines are delicious, a lil on the expensive side, but of course, to get good wine it has to be pricey. Their food is so yummy. We ordered their bruschetta which had a whole lot of different toppings you can choose from. We also had a sandwich as well which was delicious. Love this place and will come again and again. This place was great! The service was awesome too; workers are really nice. It's a cool stoner environment. I ordered the Dank sandwich which is basically a pizza sub and it was delicious. Their brownies are really good too! Price isn't too bad, it's definitely cheaper than Firehouse but a lil pricer than Subway. All in all, I'll come here more often especially since it's right across the street from Mesa Community College. They also have Kool-Aid which is awesome!!!! This place is awesome. Their donuts and foods are always fresh out of the oven each time. And it's cheap!! Can't go wrong when it's only 6 dollars for a half dozen of donuts and a dozen of donut holes. Will always come again to this place and it's even more awesome that this place is close to home too. We always come here before the game at the cardinals stadium and it's a hip little place. Drinks here are really good. Had the smores martini and it was really good. Food wise is very expensive and not that great tasting. We had the pretzel appetizer and the pretzel sticks were cold to the taste and the dipping sauce was kind of gross. Would come again just for the drinks and hang out. This place reminds me of Filibertos. I had their country burrito and it was super yummy. Had potatoes, eggs, and cheese in it. Price wise wasn't bad. Will come again. Good place and good food. I always order the #11 combo and it's great every time. I always get their mango smoothie with boba and it's perfectly sweet. Definitely will go again and again. We bought a dining set with a buffet at such great price and a lady named Judy helped us and she was wonderful. She had such a professional vibe with her and the one thing I love about her was that she wasn't pushy whatsoever. She gave us good time and space. This place was nicely decorated and their furniture was really nice. Will come again in the future! These guys are seriously lifesavers. My dog one night was bitten by something and his face swollen up really bad. Since our original vet was closing and didn't have time to see our dog on-call, we were recommended by them to come here and I'm so glad we did. Although, we called at around almost 6 and they were closing up they still took my dog and wasn't rushing me to get out whatsoever. They did exactly what they needed to do to give the best care possible for my dog. The vet there and the techs were so nice and wasn't annoyed that were there last minute. After we were looked at, a couple of days later they sent me an email and a phone call to ask about how our dog was doing. I really appreciated that after they were done they still wanted to know what was going on and cared. Thank you guys for helping my dog out when a lot of people didn't. This place is definitely a cool place to visit if you're on your way to arizona or vegas. We always stop here when we go into vegas since we are from Arizona. It's a beautiful dam and it's amazing to see the structural construction that's been done by people. We also went underground as well to see the engines and other cool things too (you do have to pay for this - but I forgot how much I paid). It's a great thing to see and spend a couple of hours at. This place is pretty darn good. Definitely come here if you want banh coun,  it's super good and it's really well done. You get a lot of food for the price you pay. We ordered an appetizer, 3 drinks, and 3 entrees for about 50 dollars. Definitely will come back for the banh coun. Well done. I love this place! It's so much fun! Although we don't really come here for the food, it doesn't taste all that great and it's expensive. We just come for the games and drinks! They have a great bar and they can literally make any drinks. Games are a blast! And they also have a very good collection of prizes in their shop too! They have lots of stuffed animals and all things for everyone. Great for a date!! Will come again! This place is awesome! I love all of their flavors and their boba is always fresh. I haven't tried their foods yet so I can't review about that. It's a great place to get boba fast. I got my boyfriend and a couple of friends as well obsessed with boba and it started at this place first. It's also at an affordable price as well. Love this place! This place has some of the friendliest people I've met! Great customer service. I was looking to buy a new pair of glasses and been helped really quick. Although, all the glasses are a bit unorganized and messy, I can deal with it. They explained to me all the great add-ons I can get on my glasses and if I had any questions to let them know. Will come here again! This place is pretty awesome! I always come here for a football game and it's a great experience every single time. It's cool that sometimes if the weather is nice, they will open or close the roof which is such an added bonus. Only thing I don't really like about this place is how unorganized their parking is. Some guards has no idea what they are directing traffic to. It takes us about an hour to get out of the parking lot at an end of a game. Foods and drinks are expensive here which you should already know. This place is really good!! The inside design is really nice and comfy, won't fit a lot of people though. I'm not a BIG sushi fan, but they have everything you need and more which I like. I had their tempura udon and it's really good, the soup base is delicious (not too salty). My friends ordered the sushi rolls and they were so good as well. I really like their California rolls. Our server was really nice too. Definetely will come again!! Might be our new sushi place! I always come here when there's a play I'm going to at Gammage and it's not that bad. They might be a little bit more on the expensive side and they don't really have that much food either. They have about 10 signature dishes and then there are sides and drinks as well as dessert. I always order the minimum wage breakfast and it's really good, comes with 2 eggs (however you like it), sausage or bacon, potatoes, and toast - but I always subsitute it for their red velvet waffle. Their red velvet waffle is seriously to die for. It's soooooo good. Overall, food was great. But the service was kind of slow, and there wasn't that much people there every single time I went there; other than that, place is good. If you're a sushi lover then you came to the right place. For 22 dollars a person, you have all you can eat sushi. They have a good list of them too. The sushi always come out fresh and delicious. There hasn't been a sushi that I didn't like. There is a missing star because their customer service could be a lot better. I wish they could be more friendly. Other than that, it's definitely a good place to come over for sushi. Definitely a great place to grab some quick chinese food. Everything is fresh and simply well cooked. You also get a great amount of food for a very decent price. I ordered the sweet and sour shrimp with lo mein and it was simply delicious and has great flavor. I will come again and again whenever I am in the area. The crab Angels were soooo good; that's definitely a must order for everyone. Yummy! I love this place! They make great food and sandwiches. I always order their Jane baked potato and it's wonderful. Pricing wise isn't too bad either. I brought my cousins along and for all 3 of us the total was about 35 dollars and we all included a sandwich and a drink. Of course, they also offer free soft serve ice cream which is my favorite. Customer service here is great. Will definitely come again and again. This place is delicious. Definitely try their sweet shredded pork. It's seriously to die for. It's decently priced for the amount of food you get. Big burrito and a drink is about 8 dollars and the burritos are huge. This place is clean and the service is great. Will come again and again. This place will be my new favorite place! Their food is delicious! I ordered a combo #3 for the cranberry turkey sandwich. It included a drink, chips, salad, and also a pastry/dessert for under 10 dollars! The sandwich and the dessert was great. This place is also very cute and nicely decorated. When I went there it was clean and very nice. Will definitely go again! This place is amazing!!!! The fish was definitely fresh and fried to perfection. It's super good. The fries were also delicious with enough crunch. The sauce is fantastic. It's kind of like a spicy sweet and sour sauce. Price isn't too bad either. We got a 4 piece fish and chip with a small drink and it was barely under 10 dollars. Will come again whenever we crave fish and chip! Awesome place to come eat whenever you want all you can eat sushi. Their sushi last was pretty awesome, had a lot of things that not a lot of places offer for the all you can eat. Place was clean, and the service was good. The fish is definitely fresh and super delicious! Will come again whenever I'm in town again! This place is awesome!! I went to Italy and got homemade fresh gelato last summer and this place hits home for me. The best place in Arizona to get gelato as close as the  homeland. There's always a line that goes outside the door so be aware of that but the wait is definitely worth it. I always get the coffee gelato and its simply delicious. Will always go here again and again. They definitely got me to be a regular here!! I went here yesterday to do my eyebrow tattoo and I love them so much!!! If I could give them more than 5 stars, I would. Pam and Tim are such amazing and caring people. I went in really scared of the pain, and there wasn't anything at all. They both made me feel comfortable and kept asking me if I was okay. Pam knows what she's doing, she's a pro at this! Price wasn't too bad either, call in and ask and I'm sure they will give you a great discount. Thank you guys for making me feel confident and pretty again!!!! The environment isn't your standard Vietnamese restaurant. It's kind of a dive bar which I think is kind of cool. Food here is really good. We came when they opened and they had some really good specials going on. We ordered their pho and it's really yummy. For a regular size is good enough for me. They have 2 bowl sizes. One is 40oz and 50oz. I felt full after an eggroll, potsticker, and pho. The egg rolls were really good but didn't like the sauce that much. Price wise wasn't bad but could be cheaper. Overall, I'll come again. Nice place! Love this place. Yummy food for such a great price. Lots of TVs as well to be able to see different games at the same time. This place is delicious!!!! Nice little brunch place! I had their chorizo skillet and it was to die for, I also had it with their pumpkin spice latte. Yum! Service here was excellent. Felt like I was home. Definitely will come again!!! Went here for a date night with my boyfriend and it was definitely a success. We were greeted promptly and got a seat right away (even though we did make reservations). Our server was amazing. I, unfortunately, forgot her name. She was very knowledgeable and since I was new there she definitely helped me out on what the Melting Pot was all about. The food and drinks came out very promptly and she always had my drinks refilled before it even ran out. She always seem to care about us and if we were unhappy with anything to let her know and she will fix it right away.  This place has amazing food. We always come here for a special occasion when there's a lot of people and always order their family style dinners for like 80 dollars and we always have left overs too!! Their servers are professional and very nice. They don't get mad or ticked off when asking them questions. The food is great as well, they always come out fresh and delicious every time. The food here is really good, but the service isn't that great. Half of the time they don't even speak English and acknowledge us when we needed more drinks. We ordered about 5 plates and they were delicious (Peking duck, fried crab, beef chow fun, steamed fish, and chow mein), we also had 2 sodas and our bill was about 125 dollars. I think the food might be a lil overpriced but it's fine with us because the food here is great. Definitely will come again for the food but not the service. It was basically nonexistent. This place has really good food. We tried the Pad Thai with shrimp and it came out yummy and warm. We also had the garlic bread as well and it was really good too. Price wise might be a lil expensive but it was good food overall. Will come again! I love this place. This place is awesome for food, friends, and drinks. Their pasty is wonderful. I wish I knew about this place a lot sooner so I could have eaten their more often. I always order their cheese burger pasty and its just amazing. Everything about it is delicious. I can't find one wrong thing about this place at all. Their drinks are awesome and at a good price as well. The environment is pretty darn cool. It's definitely an Irish pub so if its super packed (Friday-Saturday night) be prepared to be sitting by someone, but that's how we made some wonderful friends as well that night. Definitely will be going there again and again until I probably die. This place is really yummy. I ordered the pina colada snow and it's delightful especially when it's hot outside. The reason for the minus one star is the workers weren't all that friendly. Other than that, everything was great. Will come again. This place is awesome. You will definitely feel welcomed and like family when you come in here. The place is decently priced as well. Their hookah (all flavors - at least the one I tried so far) are delicious. You can definitely find yourself here for hours if you're with a group of friends on a late night. Their customer service is awesome as well. I guess one of the guys forgot about us for a little while and our coal was burnt but instead he replaced all the hookah and gave us a flavor for free. Awesome people!! This place is great. Their boba is always soft and tender. I always get the original (basic milk tea with honey boba) and it tastes really good. Pricing over here is decent too. For 2 fat cups, it was only 10 bucks! The cups are more than enough for me. I can't wait to explore other flavors too. It's a great spot, will definitely come again! Great little place for some frozen yogurt. Their flavors always change so you have a lot of different and new options every week. The toppings area always look clean and very well organized. You don't see the cereal mixing in the with the boba. Definitely great service as well, all the people that work there is super friendly too. This place is excellent. Fresh food and veggies, can't get any better than that. I love their #1 which is a combo of everything. It's delicious. Their egg rolls are also yummy too. It has a good crispness to it and also it's great flavor. Their servers are also extremely nice and welcoming as well every time my family and I went there. I love the fact that there is a pho house close to my very own house. It's even better when their food is delicious. It's a win win for my family and I. Great place! This place is awesome. Great scenery to sit and hang out with close friends and family. Their drinks are to die for, and plus they are so much cheaper than Starbucks! Talk about a win-win. I always order the chai tea here and it's great. Perfect hint of sweetness. They even taste better than Starbucks as well. I wish this place was a lil closer to my house because I would be going there every single day.  This place was pretty good, they have a great collection of beer!! The hibiscus beer was delicious! Sweet with a hint of tartness too. Food selection was alright, the pretzel was super good, but the burgers were alright (bun is different, more of a dinner roll type of bun). Service here is excellent! Our server was super knowledgeable and knew what he was talking about. It was super nice because it was our first time here. Environment was cool too! Overall, a good time. :) This place is great. Sushi is always fresh and they are made right in front of you. I really like the layout of the place too. Tables around the convey belt and then there are tables on the sides as well. Food is delicious too and it's a great price. It ranges from 1-2 $ per plate. They also have desert as well. There are a lot of parking spots outside as well. Will definitely come again. This place had great breakfast burritos. They are huge so they are definitely worth the price. I hate that I don't live close to here anymore or else I would go every single day. Delicious food for cheap. This place was great. The customer service was really nice and everyone was friendly. Our foods came out really promptly and hot which is a plus with Italian food. The environment was really clean and well decorated. Will come again! This hotel isn't that bad for the price. You do get what you paid for. It's a little bit older of a hotel than the rest of the strip but it has everything you need still. Our room was in tower #1 and our room was big. I went with my parents so we had three people together. We had 2 queen beds and they were all really clean and nice. Our view wasn't too bad either - if you want a good view instead of walls and concrete, you need to go on a higher floor. We were on floor 26 and it passed all the walls and we could see the strip. Valet parking was good as well, it just gets full by around 6 or 7 and when valet is full, you can find decent parking around the hotel as well. The casino isn't too shabby and you can actually win sometimes there. We have been booking here for the last few trips to Vegas and I do recommend it to people. I really like this place. It's close to my house and the people that works there are great. One of the main reason why I like this place is that I don't feel nervous when I'm here. The people that comes comes to workout and then leave. Nobody really hogs the machine and the weights are always placed back nicely. Great place to work out and great people too. I love this place. I would drive about half an hour to this place since I moved from Phoenix. The staff is so friendly, I definitely feel like family when I'm here. Their prices are also decent and they do a quality job. I always get my eyebrows waxed here and get mani and pedi here too. I will always come here again and again. This place is great for a group of friends for dinner. Their food is delicious. I ordered the fish and chips and it's plenty of food. We also ordered drinks as well and it wasn't too bad of a price. Great place and it's nicely decorated. Love it! I love this place! Great comfort food. The only reason why they are missing a star is because the servers aren't too friendly. They usually are talking to each other in their own language and sometimes you need to flag them down if you want any type of attention. I wish this place was a lil bit bigger as well, sometimes the carts will hit the back of my chair and they wouldn't even say sorry or excuse me. They just keep going. Talk about rude. Other than that, the food is amazing, it's fresh, and probably one of the best dim sum I've had and I've had a lot. This place is really good. I ordered a bacon and cheese steak burger and it came out delicious. I substituted their fries for onion rings and it's yummy although it's more towards the salty side. I ordered the dirt and worm custard which had vanilla custard with bits of Oreos and gummy worms. The environment is super cute. I feel like I was in the 60s at a diner. Will come here again! I love this place. They don't half assed their jobs and they get everything right the first time. Their prices aren't too bad as well. I went to go fix my front breaks and it was only 160 dollars compared to the 260 dollars the car dealership wants to charge me. I always recommend this place to friends and families. The one thing I like about going to this place is that if I have one car problem, that's all they will fix. They don't recommend stuff for me to fix unless it's necessary and worth the money. They don't lie and they also don't overcharge anything. Will always come here for anything that's related to my car. This place is really nice! A lil bit small but we didn't wait too long. Our server was really nice and knowledgable on her beer selection. The food here is big!! You do get what you paid for. I ordered the Alfredo Fettichine with sausage and it was delicious and I had left overs the next day. They also give you complimentary bread rolls and they are heavenly. We also ordered a Creme Brulee and boy, oh, boy was it good. Overall, I like this place, might be a lil bit more expensive. Definitely will come back! I love this place! They have reclining seats which makes watching a movie heck of a lot more comfortable. Their rooms are a bit small and doesn't have too much movie options but that's okay with me. It's in a good location with some shopping and restaurants too. Will come again! This place is great. Anything BBQ from this place is amazing. Meat is soft and tender and the sauce is just perfectly sweet. We ordered the BBQ platter, pulled pork sandwich, fish and chips, and 3 drinks for about 40 dollars. Which isn't too bad because the food quantity is a lot!! The fish and chips from here isn't too bad, it's a lil bit on the salty side but I ain't complaining. Will definitely come again! I love this place! We come here all the time for dinner. This place usually is not that busy so the service here is pretty fast. Can be in and out within 30 minutes. The food is fresh and always delicious. I always order the crab puff which the sweet and sour sauce is amazing! Then I get the beef chow fun dried style and it's great. Tastes like my moms homemade chow fun. Although, the service isn't all that great, it makes up for the food. Definitely will always come again and again. Also everything is fairly decent priced. I didn't see anything over 20 dollars and they service roast duck, bbq pork, and fried pork which at some places can be expensive. Great place! This place is super good! There is a lot of food for the price you pay. I ordered the small volcano and it came with 2 pancakes, an egg (any way you like it), sausage link, and one bacon. I also ordered a side of roasted potatoes and they were delicious. They were fried with onions and peppers as well. He pancake is super good. It's also a cute place to go for brunch or even dinner and it's all served all day! Definitely will be my to go place for brunch from here on out! I really enjoy this place for their dim sum. Food is always hot and delicious when it comes to you. The service isn't bad either. They definitely have remodeled their place and it looks great. Will come again. This place is great for drinks but not for the food. Drinks are always decently priced and always refreshing and good. Awesome place to watch sport events or just to talk to friends. Comfy environment. This place is great! I went there for the first time yesterday night with a group of 8 people. We went around dinner time which was around 6. We were sat down fairly quickly with a table that everyone could sit and talk with each other. It's a bit dark in there but it has a great environment. There are free chips and salsa (which was super nice that they had both mild and hot salsa). I ordered the chorizo con huveous (which is chorizo with eggs). Their portion is huge! It was only 10 dollars but I definitely left stuffed. It had 2 flour tortilla and also rice and beans. Everything tasted amazing and our server was very nice and professional. He never let us have a glass empty. Definitely will come again! I love this place. Toni and Guy are the only place allowed to touch my hair. The customer service is great  as well, they are nice and they also know their stuff. I always come for a hair cut and sometimes for coloring as well. Their prices are decently good as well. No complaints from me at all. This place is awesome. You can basically make your own 11 inch pizza for about 8 dollars. You can anything based on your preferences in meat, cheese, and sauce. You get basically everything with a soda for less than 10 dollars and their food is great too! The place always look clean and everyone is really professional. Definitely will go again! I've been here for about 2 years and I really like this school. Everything is placed properly and walking from class to class isn't too bad. Parking is heck of a lot better than MCC. Usually by noo , parking is a pain but it's not that awful. I really like here and can't wait to join their nursing program. This place is really good for a bowl of ramen. Their serving is large too, I always have leftovers whenever I'm done. Their boba is really good too (tapioca always taste fresh and chewy). I always order their original ramen and a side of shrimp and veggie tempura. Their tempura is really good here. Although their price might be a lil high, it's good food and plenty as well. I'll come again and again! This place is what got me hooked onto sushi. I was never a very big fan of sushi until I came here. The food was amazing and super fresh. Their happy hour menu is pretty awesome too. Although, their sushi is a little bit more expensive than other places (you do get what you paid for here). It's expensive but their sushi is amazing. This place is great for a quick sushi lunch! The workers there were really nice. I had a question about something on the menu and they answered everything very professionally and without any attitude. The place is super clean too and has a great layout. I ordered the shrimp and veggies tempura and it was really crunchy and yummy. The batter held on really well and the sauce that came with it was also good too. I also ordered half a crunch roll (which came with 5 pieces) and it was really, really yummy! The reason why I didn't give them the perfect score is because the price was a lil too high for me to come over a lot. For all I ordered and a small drink was about 17 dollars and I think that's a lil high. Overall, besides price, I would definitely come again for the food and the great customer service I received.)
